{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Tricking can give its practitioners the most amazing gift of perspective shift. Not only the ones that it delivers, but the realization that many times what is needed to solve a problem we are encountering is a re-framing of said problem. Once we are able to get a new frame on the problem the solutions typically become obvious. The seemingly impossible comes within reach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 There is a quote I heard once, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Impossible Just Takes Longer\u8221\'94. This is something I find myself saying constantly as a reminder that all it usually takes is a change in perspective surrounding the problem to find a solution. Even the most difficult and never been done before things can be brought within our reach by engaging with that idea. Now the original quote actually said \u8220\'93The difficult things we do immediately, the impossible ones take a little longer\u8221\'94 but I think the sentiment stands. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Even if you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t experience it firsthand in the beginning if you hang around the Tricking community for a few years your perspective will change by osmosis. One week people will be talking about something that sounds \u8220\'93impossible\u8221\'94 and the next week someone will have done it and 3 of its variations. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 If you zoom out to the timescale of years this becomes even more apparent. The things that were being discussed 5-10 years ago as the most difficult things anyone could possibly do are now being comboed into and out of with ease by certain Trickers. More rotations, and now more and different kinds of flips are being added into equations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Given enough time and dedication to solving any particular problem, the human race is capable of so much more than we typically give ourselves credit for. The self doubt overwhelms us and we are paralyzed to act so we get nowhere. If instead we allow our perspectives to shift into the questioning attitude of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93how can I\u8221\'94 rather than \u8220\'93I never could\u8221\'94 we will see the path towards our solutions clear as day. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The real question is are we going to do the work that is required to get to that solution. Most of the time the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93impossible\u8221\'94 thing took on that quality because when we had started to figure out the solutions to make it happen they were difficult tasks that we would rather not do. In reality when we use the word impossible we don\u8217\'92t actually mean not able to occur, exist, or be done. What we really mean when we say things are \u8220\'93impossible\u8221\'94 is the tasks are so difficult that the time investment outweighs my cares about it. Which is fine, we should just quit lying about it all the time. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4    }}