{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve all had this experience in some for or another. A kid walks up to you and eagerly asks you to \u8220\'93watch me do a trick!\u8221\'94 after which they proceed to take a few awkward steps and jump up and flail their body a bit. You watch as their face lights up with excitement, \u8220\'93did you see!?!\u8221\'94 they exclaim! You give a gentle nod and smile breaks across your face, the joy they feel for some silly reason is contagious. I mean arguably the kid didn\u8217\'92t actually do anything impressive by average standards. But for some reason we are excited for them. I think this is because all of us remember at some point the way that they were feeling. Filled with a sense of pride in their discovery. They just learned something new that they can make their bodies do. That exploration of \u8220\'93what can my body do\u8221\'94 is something we are constantly exploring as children. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 As we get older it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s easy for us to lose that excitement over the little discoveries we make about our capabilities. Each day begins to feel the same as the last and we forget what it means to just jump around and play. Society justifies us in our actions by pushing the idea that play is for children, and adults need to be productive. That\u8217\'92s putting the cart before the horse a bit if you ask me. It creates the kind of productivity that is mindless, careless, and minimum effort. Just striving to meet the bare minimum criteria to be done with the task. This kind of productivity produces just for the sake of production. The great inventions that push our society forward rarely come out of this kind of work, yet this is what the majority of people spend time optimizing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The response to this is to put the horse back where it goes, leading the cart. In other words play needs to be preceding and fostering our productivity, not just acting as a reward for it. Play is a word that, in western culture especially, often infers a sense of aimlessness to the task, a lack of utility. This is a shallow view to take and ignores the immense value that play has to add to our lives. Play is important for us not just as a means of entertainment or \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93fun\u8221\'94, but as a tool for cultivating and enacting the skills often associated with imagination, exploration, collaboration, and creation. So even the utilitarians out there shouldn\u8217\'92t write this off just yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 We have a number of ways we can play, we can play with ourselves (imagination), we can play with an object(exploration), we can play with others(collaboration), and we can also play with ideas and systems of ideas(creation). Each of these contribute to an environment that is primed for a progressive learning to take place. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Play while alone typically involves utilizing the imagination skills we have in order to generate some interesting narrative to entertain us in some way. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4}