{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;;;\cssrgb\c76297\c76297\c76297;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Each individual Tricker is going to develop their own path as they explore their way into Tricking, and each of those paths are going to be unique even if there is some overlap. People may go through different stages of Tricking at different times, or not go through certain ones altogether. Some people may explore a majority of the movements Tricking opens us up to, while others may spend the entirety of their Tricking years exploring a limited few concepts. It is completely up to the individual how they interact with this thing. Some will stick close to the movements they are exposed to while others start exploring the bodies potential for movement from the beginning. This creates a very difficult to explain hierarchy of things; as two people may place certain Tricks in different levels of difficulty based on their experience as well as other contributing factors. Due to this amorphous nature of this hierarchy it can be very challenging for a new individual to know where to begin to explore from. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 The good news is it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s relatively arbitrary where you begin. I say relatively because it has potential to influence where your Tricks will go from there based on which area you start to explore. Typically this acts to our benefit more than it does our disadvantage because we explore the things that are the most exciting and relevant to us and what we want our bodies to be doing. By allowing the new tricker to explore at their own discretion the interest that develops is a deeper one that seems to create a drive to overcome difficult tasks lying in the way to achieving the goal (performing the trick). }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 This is largely how people develop their own style. By exploring the things relevant to themselves people are not only discovering what they like and don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like but expressing that to everyone that is watching. The things that subjectively \u8220\'93feel\u8221\'94 or sometimes \u8220\'93look\u8221\'94 the best to them are going to make them come alive the most and want to further push themselves in that direction. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 We can only explore outward from where we begin. And we always begin where we do in terms of what is the most salient to us. Meaning what stands out to us the most. Where was our attention when we were watching? Was it the kicks? Was it the flips? Was it the swinging off one leg? Was it just a particular body shape of a movement that we found beautiful or strange? Whatever it was is the thing most relevant to us after witnessing Tricking is typically where the exploration attempts to begin. }}