{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Flow states can open us up to experience more of reality. When we aren't busy filtering everything we experience through the layers of our conscious minds we tend to find things we had been overlooking before. In most of our experience we are combating some narrator that is giving their  two cents on everything we encounter. This narrator often being the source of our anxieties. It's this neurotic self authoring that seems to be out of our control that has birthed entire industries around meditation techniques, self-help topics, and more. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 These are multi-billion dollar industries. All with one underlying pitch at their core, we can help you help you. I'm not here to talk poorly about those industries as I have found immense value from some of the content. What I will say however, is that after many years of consuming books, podcasts, video lectures and more, I realized the only person who can really help me is me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The main problem with that realization is that I wasn't always being honest with myself. All of these techniques I was learning to help me "get what I want" wouldn't help me if I didn't know the answer to that question. Or worse, if I was chasing the wrong dream. Which unfortunately for most of us is this case. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 That narrator that we can think of as ourselves is actually more like a reflective sponge. It picks things up as we perceive them. And just like a sponge after a while it starts to have all of the things it has cleaned up clogging up its many pores. It seems to be our closest friend, helping us to parse out the world as it comes towards us when in reality it is just reflecting those things back to us off its porous surface sending along with it the ghosts of experiences past, muddling our comprehension. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 This narrative behavior is believed to stem from our prefrontal cortex. This area of the brain that is often referred to in pop-psychology as the Executive of the brain. The "decision maker" so to speak. It is this same area of the brain that appears to experience a decrease in activity during a flow experience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 During flow states people tend to experience something known as transient hypo-frontality. Essentially this means that for brief period there is less activity than normal in and surrounding the prefrontal cortex of the brain. What is notable, is that it appears while the prefrontal cortex is functioning less, other areas of the brain are seeming to activate while the subject performs many of the "decision" tasks researches had ascribed to the prefrontal cortex. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 This is fascinating in terms of neuroscience, but even more notable is the associated perceived experience of the participant. People having gone through a recent flow experience tend to describe their state of mind as very calm and clear, yet focused. The task they are engaged in takes over all of their mental space to the point where that narrator even falls away. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 If we believe that it was this narrator is what allows us to filter and perceive the world, we are obviously mistaken. It appears here that these people have just been able to perform some rather daunting tasks with little narration if any taking place in their minds. So how can this be the case?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 It is my conjecture that flow allows us to get into a state where our true potentials, beliefs, and desires are available to us. Not obfuscated behind layers of our own personal bullshit. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4}