{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 With such a diverse range of people being a part of the larger \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tricking\u8221\'94 community there are a multitude of viewpoints on what the \u8220\'93right\u8221\'94 direction for Tricking is. With all of these competing ideals that we are each trying to push the culture towards toes are bound to be stepped on. There will be some individuals that are diametrically opposed to others methods for taking Tricking forward. This headlock can often feel like its leading us into a stagnation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Out of these passionate viewpoints its not uncommon for some Trickers to grow to resent the community. To place the blame on others for Tricking not being where they would like it to be. This isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t something that is unique to Tricking. This is commonplace in any sufficiently sized group of people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 We act as if anything pursued by a company claiming to represent Tricking ostensibly limits what Tricking can or should be. This is not the case. We are limiting ourselves by stopping anything that could have the potential to lift Tricking up because it doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t appear to stay firm to our idealized view of what Tricking is. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 We need to remember that no one can take away what Tricking means to us as individuals. No matter what structures or commercialization may arise they will never limit the individuals access to this form of expression. At worst they will fail before they go very far, at best they will offer new opportunities to those who choose to take them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 There are obvious reasons beyond community disagreements on the future of tricking for it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lacking infrastructure. Tricking\u8217\'92s largest demographic are ostensibly children. The most active typically between the ages of 18-24. They are broke, idealistic, and just encountering the way the world actually functions. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 I would argue that for the first time in Tricking\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s history we are starting to see an expansion in that active age range. In the past it was common to see people come into Tricking in their youth and then move away from it as they got older and needed to pay their bills. Tricking didn\u8217\'92t have any opportunities to get paid unless you could convert your skills into stunt work and get in with the right people. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 I believe this is a result of the changing community. Those who stepped away from tricking in the 90\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s or early 2000\u8217\'92s didn\u8217\'92t think there was anything left for them there, so many abandoned it. If they did check back in they were met with a new group of young kids who had taken the flag of Tricking and ran in a new direction with it. A direction many could no longer recognize. This alongside the fact that the people they once knew as the community had mostly separated and the remaining members were 10 years younger then them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 As the community would grow older though there would be some who never left it. It was these individuals that allowed for the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93old\u8221\'94 Trickers to begin to re assimilate with the community. To learn what it had become and is still becoming, as well as how they could continue to interact with it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 In a way Tricking acts as a locus for personal transformation. We come into Tricking, often as children, and are confronted with may aspects of reality that we had been sheltered from by our parents, and local community. For some reason we keep kids away from the downside and struggles that accompany life. Instead of giving them opportunities that have the potential to offer a transformation in the individual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 These transformations here are referring to a kind of wisdom, or maturity, that develops alongside fundamental changes in our person. Our overall understanding of reality, our potentials within it, and how they match up to one another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Many times what seems to happen is that those who \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93get the message\u8221\'94, they \u8220\'93hang up the phone\u8221\'94. That is to say the people who get what Tricking was trying to offer them, no longer need to interact with Tricking in the same intense way. They\u8217\'92ve learned the lessons and how those lessons might be applied to other areas of their experience. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 In essence, Tricking taught them what they needed to learn from it, ad they can now go on to bigger and better things. Tricking for those people acts simply as a conduit to realizing their personal potentials. Once they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve realized where and how far their personal potentials can extend, Tricking itself can no longer offer anything new or unique to that perspective. Only the individual can explore that.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 What this resulted in is typically the majority of the people in the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93active\u8221\'94 community being those who have not yet learned what Tricking has to offer them outside of flips. This was primarily the case from around 2005-2015. What we started to see around the late 2010\u8217\'92s was that the people who had stepped away for several years to develop other areas of their lives were now coming back into the fold and trying to recapitulate what Tricking had been for them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Over the past decade many have tried to make projects that extend beyond Tricking but attempt to bring Tricking along for the ride. Unfortunately many of these projects have failed before they could get off the ground. Or if they did succeed, it was merely enough to continue in the project but rarely enough to expand. With the expanding \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93active\u8221\'94 age range of Trickers we are starting to see a higher potential for success with these projects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 This is also a result of the overall numbers of people who have found Tricking. At one point around 2010 it seemed as if you could easily list off every person who was active in the Tricking Community, only a few short years later and there would be thousands of people who had discovered this thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 As Tricking\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s numbers grow, and the demographic of the community continues to change I think we will see more and more sustainable projects that can offer something to the wider culture.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4}