{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The rise of the internet brought with it a change in how many people chose to interact with others. In person, there is usually a cordiality that we afford to others, even if we disagree with them. Over time though, the shift has been to remove that politeness, particularly on the internet. People will often say things that you wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t imagine they would say to you in person. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 There is an inherent toxicity that comes with this. Even though this might not be the intention, when there is an overwhelming amount of negativity it leads to an environment that is not inviting to new comers. This is something you will find in many online communities. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 At one point the only people who had managed to find the online communities for Tricking were those who were deeply in it already. As time went on and more and more people were discovering Tricking the online communities would quickly begin to overflow with a very diverse range of people with varying understandings of Tricking. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Many of these people who were joining the online groups had never experienced Tricking at sessions, or gone to gatherings. This lack of experience of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93real\u8221\'94 Tricking communities could easily lead someone to think of Tricking as place where people who can\u8217\'92t do things argue with people who can about how \u8220\'93correct\u8221\'94 their technique is. This is definitely the sentiment you get when you scroll through the Tricking Facebook group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 That is not how people act towards each other at Gatherings or Sessions. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4}