{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 In many areas of the world, specifically the modernized western world, we have lost something, and most of us don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what that is. As the secularization of our society has increased we have lost several things that our spiritual, religious connections of the past offered. In the past the church, temple, or other worship ground stood as a place that the collective could gather around. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 With religion losing it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s place at the center of our society we are left with holes that it was filling for us. Specifically the social connections that were fostered by the ritual of meeting with the same people week after week. People that we knew shared many of our same beliefs about the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  Having a community outside of our immediate family is extremely important for us as humans. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been shown in studies that areas that have a more socially integrated community tend to have lower rates of heart disease and an overall longer expectancy of live. It isn\u8217\'92t just that\u8217\'92s it\u8217\'92s nice to have some people who share your beliefs. It appears that it may be crucial for us to be living our healthiest lives. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 This isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t to say we should only embed ourselves within a group of people who think the same. Not at all. It\u8217\'92s more important that we find a group that can retain it\u8217\'92s differences while working towards a consistent goal. The community should look to take care of it\u8217\'92s own and help those who wish to join in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 When we have a group that we know is ultimately working towards the same goal as us it is much easier for us to build deeper connections with those people. The proverbial \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93ice\u8221\'94 is broken for us already. As soon as we meet individuals that are a part of this community we automatically have something that we can discuss with them. The natural conversation can flow  easily from there. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 A community that isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t part of your immediate family offers many benefits beyond just the social connectedness. Having a network of people you can easily reach out to for help on things is invaluable. There is nothing more useful then having a network. As tribal creatures we naturally want to help people we have deemed in our \u8220\'93in\u8221\'94 group. Often offering resources to these people that we might be more reluctant to share with pure strangers. Being a part of a community like this can, and often will open doors for us that we wouldn\u8217\'92t have been able to open on our own.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s only in recent years that these types of communities have become increasingly rare. Every small village used to operate on these principles but for some reason a we\u8217\'92ve increased our numbers we\u8217\'92ve lost our connections. This is why now it is more important for us than ever to find our Tribe. That group of like minded individuals that will encourage us to grow while having the same overarching goals as us. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 When we can find this group of individuals we will find a renewed sense of community. One that we had been seriously lacking.}}