{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Everything we understand is in terms of something else. Metaphor is the bridge that allows us to link the not yet understood with the already understood. It is metaphor that allows us to generate new models and fit them to concepts we are working to have knowledge of. The stronger the metaphor's we have at our disposal the quicker we will be able to map these things. This is arguably always the case but that's not a debate for now. Many of the things we learn from tricking are essentially metaphorical structures that we can then use to model problems we encounter. Having this robust baseline to reference from allows many complex things to take on a meaning that we can easily make sense of in terms of the things we already know.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Julian Jaynes outlines a wonderful framework for understanding what metaphor is and does for us. When we are using metaphor as a means to understand we have the thing understood already (metaphier) and the thing we want to understand (metaphrand). We then take all of the attributes and relationships we understand about the metaphier, refered to as the paraphier, and extend it onto the metaphrand, creating a new set of attributes we can refer to as the paraphrand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 *** Insert Metaphier/Paraphier Graphic ***}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Effectively what we are talking about is our ability to take some things that we know conceptually and extend them onto a different type of item. For example: when explaining to someone how a camera works it is often common to use metaphor to build up an understanding of the system. We can think of a camera's function similar to that of a faucet and sink. A camera has film(sensor), aperture(f-stop), shutter speed. We can think of the film being like the sink, the faucets size being like the f-stop, and how long we run the sink is the shutter speed. The light that develops a photo runs through a camera in a similar way to how water runs through our faucet. The photo develops with light, like our sink fills up with the water. We can control this flow by adjusting the size of our facuet(f-stop) and running the faucet longer or shorter (shutterspeed).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Now obviously, this isn't a purely one to one comparison that is meant to made, there are many attributes that water has that do not carry over into the way we are describing the function of light in this new system. Typically we are able to filter out that information that doesn't need to get carried over into our understanding of the new thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab This process is at the core to our understanding the world around us. We are constantly extending our past experiences into this same projection with the future. The future being our metaphrand, and our experiences being the metaphier by which we can attempt to interact with them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Tricking is a space for cultivating a range of metaphors to be used and extended throughout life by creating actual first hand encounters with reality. These primary first hand experiences will always be superior to an extended metaphor. The photographer may begin to use the faucet metaphor to understand lighting in the very beginning of their exploration, but as they develop more and more first hand experiences, they will discover the nuances that were not carried over in the metaphor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab We can know things "in theory" and think we understand them. What we come to learn though, is that our theories are always missing elements of the reality that exist only to those with authentic encounters with reality.}}