{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 If you remember from the history section, the first Triple Cork was landed just over a decade ago in 2009 by Scott Skelton and now in 2021 it seems as though you encounter people able to Triplecork at any Tricking session you go to. But, What exactly is a cork? We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve mentioned them several times now and unless you were curious and perused the glossary you might be thinking of a wine stopper, or when I said corkscrew you might have thought of the wine stopper removal tool. Neither of these are correct. If you recall back to the first encounter we described with tricking where we said,}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1080\tx1440\li720\sa240\sb240\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 <$Scr_Ps::0>}{\f0\fs24  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re watching as someone is running and it seems like they\u8217\'92re about to jump and do something but you have no idea what. As your curiosity peaks, you see one leg leave the ground, swinging upward in the air with arms flailing towards the sky as the other leg jumps to match it, as they lift into the air they contort into themselves in a way that generates a spin. The person is now upside down flying through the air, flipping and rotating around themselves in a way that can only end in a crash to the head, but as you continue to watch, they unfurl their bodies while hurtling towards the ground, repositioning with their feet underneath to land only to continue moving seamlessly into the next display of acrobatics, with seeming control and grace, yet a raw unfettered power being released.\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 We were actually describing a cork here! A much easier way to think of a cork is to think of a gainer full done off axis. Gainer tells us that this is a one footed swing into a backflip, full referring to the amount of rotation, in this case 360 degrees, and the off-axis part. What do we mean by off axis? Well anytime you rotate around a point, the point you rotate around becomes the axis. When we are standing up and down we can picture our axes going through us like the picture below. One coming from the Top through our center, this will represent where we rotate around when we are twisting. One through our hips that we can flip around or show inversion on. And One that determines the path of our flip, whether it is upright or on an angle. This last one will determine how much flatspin we will need to introduce in order to accomplish the trick.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Flipping on the Vertical axis is 100% Flip with 0% Flatspin However as we change that angle we will get different ratios of flip to flatspin. This is something that can and often is used to its advantage. In the case of corks they were originally very different from a gainer-full and were much closer to a swing into a btwist rotation on the horizontal axis. These "old-school corks" were actually a swing up into a horizontal body position with the hips and face facing upwards, where the performer would then rotate 540 degrees in order to land on their feet again. Over time this changed to include more inversion on the flipping axis which resulted in less rotation needed to make it back to the feet. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab When we look at a flip with a full rotation it requires that the performer execute roughly 360 degrees of flip and 360 degrees of rotation in order to come back to the starting position. In the case of the "old-school cork" we just described it only has 180 degrees of flip and compensates for that by adding the missing 180 degrees of flip to its rotation. Resulting in the 540 degrees of rotation they used to have. The corks of today have found the sweet spot between these two extremes. One where the swing typically is performed off axis by a few degrees to place the performer on the diagonal rather than the horizontal or vertical axis.  This new diagonal axis is often referred to as the cork axis and allows for the performer to somewhat cheat the total rotation required to perform the trick successfully. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The utilization of this new axis was something that quickly catapulted progress in tricking forward. It was a more naturally efficient way for the body to move when performing many of these movements that were desired. It also truly separated it from a majority of the other movement based sports. For the first time people were intentionally doing things "crooked" by many disciplines standards. Gymnastics for example has a rigid set of rules that determine the quality of a gymnastics skill performed, one of which is whether they were holding "proper form". This is something tricking has all but thrown out. While there are criteria to meet, the requirements are a bit more open and allow for more creativity to be imbued in each trick.}}