{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 When we are obsessed with something it occupies us. Takes us over. We try to reclaim our thoughts but they are hijacked and led back to the obsession. Rehashing it. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not necessarily something that has to makes sense to us. Our attention always finding its way back to the topic. When it comes to Tricking, some are just drawn to it. If we\u8217\'92re being completely honest about it, most of us just wanted to be ninjas and power-rangers. We saw some film or tv series as a kid where people were doing some cool karate flips and we thought to ourselves. \u8220\'93Damn, thats cool\u8221\'94. Then we grew up and realized that real people can actually do these movements and we were hooked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Not to mention that once we started to learn about Tricking it becomes a real life video game. Where you are trying to level up this character (you) in order to access some of these higher tier moves. You are constantly trying to better various stats i.e. power, twisting, flexibility, endurance, technicality, and style. With the ability to min-max it however you see fit. Starting to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93uncover\u8221\'94 areas of the map as you explore. Learning how to do one thing opens up this new set of movements you can start to play with. You will constantly run into \u8220\'93boss battles\u8221\'94, problems that seem far more difficult to figure out, that will test your fortitude as you fail repeatedly. Often we get to these stages where we get stuck on something and we want to just walk away from it. This is where the obsession drives our attention back to the problem. It\u8217\'92s almost like we can\u8217\'92t escape it until it\u8217\'92s solved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll be sitting there, trying to focus on something, maybe at work or school, but instead of focusing on what\u8217\'92s going on in front of you, your attention will pull you into this silent world where you are reviewing your last session, making plans for the next one. Maybe dissecting the movements you will need to make adjustments to in order to land some new trick you\u8217\'92ve been chasing. Or planning out some combo with the Tricks you\u8217\'92ve learned, trying to find new ways of combining them. Suddenly hours have passed while you were daydreaming but ultimately you don\u8217\'92t mind. You are ready for the next session and that\u8217\'92s all that matters. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 We will often restructure our lives around the gym session access if we have it. This is our time to finally enact all the things we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been daydreaming about, or at least try to. The session is training, and it\u8217\'92s difficult, but more than anything it\u8217\'92s fun, and as soon as it\u8217\'92s over we will be doing it all over again. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4}