{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Hot Take: this is the real community.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The gathering community. This is how I describe the Tricker\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s that go to gatherings. What you will find, with enough time in the community, is that you will see the same people over and over again all across the country. Somehow a small subset of Tricker\u8217\'92s manage to make it to so many different gatherings. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 This subset of the larger community of people who Trick stand out as the most obsessed. These are the people who month after month will abandon their lives to Travel across the country, or sometimes the world, just to hang out with a bunch of kids who like flips. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 This community of people quickly begin to feel like members of our extended family. People who we only really get to see at the reunion. Which is exactly what gatherings become for us. Family reunions. It no longer feels like walking into a room full of strangers that we somehow have something in common with. It feels like a party where all of our friends we haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seen in months are there. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4}