{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Try not to feel overwhelmed if you didn't retain much, or any of what we just went over. It was quite a lot to take in. It's more important that we start to recognize that this system is deeply integrated with its self and much of its complexity comes from simply putting two or more things together to create something new. We can then repeat this process, essentially ad infinitum.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab This synergistic generation opens us up to an inexhaustible amount of possibilities. It allows for something simple like a round kick and a hook kick to combine into something explosive and powerful like a JackKnife, or a Backflip to be manipulated into something such as a Boxcutter. And that Boxcutter to become a ShurikenCutter (CorkShurikenHyperHook). And That ShurikenCutter to become a Shurikane(CorkShurikenKyroHyperHook or put another way three outside kicks performed throughout a doublecork hyper). By understanding the framework that allows for this creation to take place we can partake in our own contribution to tricking. Exploring areas that we haven't seen others play with before. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Terminology isn't the only way we might understand this system. Many of the most talented trickers fall short when it comes to a deep dive on terminology. Which isn't to say they don't understand tricking. They most definitely do. They understand the unspoken side, the pure movement of it, what it feels like to be in a particular body position while moving through the air and how to manipulate that to achieve their goals. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab This way of interacting with tricking by exploring the movements first and learning the terms as an aside can be very fruitful for some. While for others might need to know what things are called and how to break them down in order to make any progress. Different approaches will appeal to different types of people who are trying to learn this thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Either way of interacting with Tricking will effectively build up an understanding of the same system at its core. That is a system of movement potentials the human body has with it. One that is deeply complex and interwoven. And using the Tricking Terminology we have a decent way to accurately describe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4}