{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Flow states are much more than just the experience of being happily engaged in a task. They are called flow STATES because we are experiencing an altered state of consciousness. A state of being where we are so absorbed in the task at hand that our full attention gets wrapped up in it. Our action and our awareness of those actions merge and we are no longer paying attention to what our body is doing to enact the action, we are just aware of the action. In the case of me writing this book I will most often lose the attention of my fingers typing on the keyboard to get words on the page. The words are just flowing out of my awareness and onto the page. Flow will often be accompanied by an altered sense of time passing. Sometimes this will make hours feel like seconds, or seconds like minutes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 If you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve ever lost yourself in a conversation with someone before only to look up and realize hours have passed in the blink of an eye, or you\u8217\'92ve ever been so engaged in something that time seemed to slow down, you\u8217\'92ve experienced flow. This idea of losing yourself in the task is often accompanied with a feeling of growth and connection with something bigger than yourself. All of these things coming together to deliver an experiential state of being that is worth trying to access over and over again. A feeling of \u8220\'93aliveness\u8221\'94. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 People achieve this altered state of consciousness regularly throughout their lives without realizing it. It is often the thing that we feel that brings us back to some particular hobby or activity, particularly the difficult, or more complex ones. The activities that make us \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93feel alive\u8221\'94 are frequently the ones that get us the deepest into flow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Altering our sense of consciousness isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t something new. The human race has been exploring various ways to change the way they perceive reality as far back as we have records. From mixing herbs and salves, to the development of fermentation methods to create alcohol, all the way to modern day where we are constantly ingesting things that have been lab made to make us \u8220\'93feel\u8221\'94 a particular way. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d refer to these as Pharmachological ways of altering consciousness. This is when the ingestion of some substances causes a chain reaction of chemicals inside us to adjust our perception. Drugs like Cocaine, Alcohol, Cannabis, Amphetamines, MDMA, Opiates, Nicotine, and Caffeine all have some affect on the brains neurotransmitters affecting our experience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Psychological methods of exploring altered states has also been a part of our culture going back millenniums. From prayer, to meditation, to music humans have brought altering consciousness without the need for ingestion into its cultures. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  Physical and Physiological methods such as dreaming(both regular and lucid), as well as fasting, sex, yoga, and many more physical activities, in particular Tricking, also bring on altered states.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Flow often brings together all of these methods in one place, and without having to ingest anything to get there. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s because when we enter flow our brains shower us with a range of neuro-chemicals. Dumping Norepinephrine, Dopamine, Serotonin, Anandamide, and Endorphins into our systems. Literally getting us \u8220\'93High on life\u8221\'94. Each of those neurotransmitters are the ones commonly having their receptors high jacked when we take state altering drugs. Dopamine by Cocaine, Serotonin by MDMA, Norepinephrine by Amphetamines, Endorphins by Opiates, and Anandamide by Cannabis. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Each of these mind altering drugs feel good because they are delivering us more of those tasty neurotransmitters. So naturally Flow feels AMAZING because it is our body\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s natural source of these chemicals. Not some impostor pretending to be that to trick our brains into feeling nice. It is also estimated that these neuro-chemicals when naturally produced are much more potent with a cleaner \u8220\'93come down\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s our body\u8217\'92s natural response mechanism to let us know that whatever we just did to generate that feeling. We \u8220\'93HAVE\u8221\'94 to do it again. It is most likely a mechanism to assist in survival, encouraging us to do difficult tasks that we might not otherwise undertake. Giving us a reason to try things that haven\u8217\'92t been done before to chase the potential for another \u8220\'93high\u8221\'94 we were able to achieve by overcoming difficult challenges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Not only is flow giving us positive feedback with a sense of euphoria associated it is also supercharging our abilities. All of those neurotransmitters that we are being showered in have been shown to have some very important roles. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Dopamine is largely understood as the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93happiness\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93feel good\u8221\'94 chemical, this is true but more recently its been discovered that it is largely responsible for hardwiring new or novel experiences and rewarding us for this. Dopamine also increases our attention, ability to process information, and our pattern recognition, as well as increase our heart rate, blood pressure, and muscle firing speed. Talk about a performance enhancer. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Norepinephrine releases gluclose into the blood stream, speeds up the bodies heart rate and respiration. So we have more energy, are more oxygenated, and have more blood flow. On top of this it increases our attention, arousal, and emotional control. This in combination with the affects from dopamine help us keep our focus on the task at hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Endorphins are the bodies natural painkillers. The bodies very own supply of better than top shelf heroine. The most common endogenous endorphin being estimated at 100 times more powerful than morphine. Meaning any aches, pains, or fatigue is easily ignored as the feel good juice flows. These endorphins also help us to down-regulate our stress levels. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Anandamide is one of the main chemicals used by our body\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s natural cannabanoid system. It brings with it an elevated mood, reduces pain, dilates blood vessels, and improves our lateral thinking. So another \u8220\'93feel good\u8221\'94 chemical that increases blood flow. This one\u8217\'92s specialty lies in the increase in lateral thinking. This is our ability to put together ideas that we would normally view as disconnected. It also decreases the fear response, allowing us to try things we might otherwise hesitate at.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Serotonin brings up the tail end of this neurotransmitter train and is responsible leaving us with an \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93after glow\u8221\'94 effect. As it\u8217\'92s currently understood serotonin is responsible for regulation in the body, of mood, appetite, sleep, sexual function and many more. It comes in at the end of the flow cocktail helping to ease and smooth the flow come down leaving us with a positive feeling at the end.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 All of these things combining together to give us a super-charged cocktail of increased performance, that comes with a major high. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s this altered sense of being that those \u8220\'93adrenaline junkies\u8221\'94 are actually after. }}