{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 In all areas of human excellence we stand on the shoulders of giants. It was those who came before us and paved the way for something greater to emerge. They laid the frameworks out of which we can work towards the realization of something beyond their dreams. Each generation taking every advancement of it's predecessor and integrating it to the point where it falls into the background. Yesterdays Technological marvels are todays baseline of operation. It is this evolution of technologies that we build up that can get us to a future worth living in. Only if we develop these technologies in ways that allow for that development. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab In our current society it is very common for people to hide their ideas behind pay-walls or intellectual property legalities like trademarking, copyrighting, and patenting their ideas, and they do so in a way that penalizes others who would want to build upon those ideas. Changing and improving them for the benefit of everyone. Everything has become a money grab where keeping ideas close to the chest is the best plan of action so you don't get pushed out of the game. It is this mentality that is holding us back from realizing the future that we all want so badly. That star trek future with flying cars, teleportation, space travel and so much more. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab It doesn't have to be this way. In many areas there are people who have chosen to change the way they think about sharing ideas. It's actually rather common within the extreme sports industries, and absolutely present within Tricking. These cultures just want to share what they have learned back with their communities so that more people will start engaging with the activity. Their love for their activity and wanting as many people to experience the magic it offers their lives is very different from the attitudes that drive the general theories around intellectual property rights. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab When making money isn't the overall goal people are willing to share information more freely because they see the benefits. If one person can contribute something that someone else can build upon and then pass along to another person to do the same things. After just a few generations we can have massive leaps of progress because we have allowed multiple people to add their inputs. This is how progress is made within every field, so it is beyond me why we continue to gatekeep this information when we know it is holding us all back. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Tricking would never have made the leaps in difficulty that it did if it was not for the decentralized network of contributers constantly sharing their minor alterations to the Tricks and allowing anyone to see and replicate them. Even going out of their way many times to help those trying to perform these Tricks do so easier, and faster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab This was made possible in the early days by members of the community that saw a problem and had the ability to provide a solution. Websites like Yellowboy.com, Bilang.com, Club540.com, TricksTutorials.com, TrickSession.com, TrickTheory.com, Loopkicks.com/Trictionary and more have all helped the community by creating a space for the transfer of information. All of these projects were used to collect the various understandings of Tricking and what it was, and what these moves were, in one place. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Effectively they embody the idea and spirit of open-source. The belief that if someone makes something it would be better if they shared that with people how it was made and allowed them to build on top of that idea it would serve to benefit everyone in society. That we should allow multiple people to contribute to ideas when they have the time and the resources, or a particular skill set. It may be only one person who "makes the discovery" but it is because of all of the ideas that influenced that person that allowed them to get to that point. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab When you experience this first hand within Tricking, watching the progress happen before your very eyes, you start to wonder why this isn't the standard everywhere. With the velocity of information in the 21st Century, we can share ideas to anywhere else in the world in seconds(or less). And you'll also realize that the people who made that possible, had figured that out. The world of open-source software embodies this concept better than anywhere, and has the most extensive literature surrounding the ideas. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab At the core to the philosophy is that any problem with a sufficient amount of people looking at it becomes trivial to some person and they can solve it quickly. With the ability to solve problems quickly the improvements that will be made to the system will rapidly change it in a way that benefits the users.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab The only way to achieve something like this is to allow as many eyes on the problem as possible. Allowing each person who interacts with the system to make adjustments that improve it on an as needed basis, and for their particular use case. Keeping ideas locked behind paywalls and patents does not encourage this. The ideas that are sequestered will always move at a slower pace then those that were set free.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Taking this approach to problems it is no longer the goal to be the one who finds the answer. But rather to investigate and discover all possible answers so we can see what works best given the context. The context, which is always changing will allow different solutions to fit better than others. Each of these different contexts that exist within the original domain will often fracture themselves off into sub-fields. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Fragmentation of a field into more specialized sub-fields has the ability to add immense value back to the domain it is derived from. As long as these specialists and generalists do not lose their ability to communicate. These specialists will often map things far deeper and more detailed then would have been if left to the generalists.  As a subfield becomes more and more specialized the language it will use to describe particular aspects of its domain will naturally become more complex as it maps the minutia. Sometimes to the detriment of communication between these specialists and the generalists of their containing field. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Communication between those with the up close, high detailed view and the overarching, set back, gestalt view is essential for us to have a full picture.  }}