{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab In our mental model\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s things are neatly organized and fit within a set of rules that we\u8217\'92ve given them. They are predictable and regimented. Reality on the other hand is a dynamic system. A living, breathing, changing landscape that we are attempting to operate within. If we are only ever using our mental models to interact with the world we will constantly find ourselves coming up short. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Reality is constantly offering something new into the equation, things that we had not accounted for in our models. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s this encounter that forces the realization that our model should be constantly updated with the new information. This fitment is the process described within cognitive science as the agent-arena relationship. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Our goal as the agent is to achieve an optimal grip on the state of the arena. This will allow us to make the best decisions and take actions that help us to solve our problems and realize our goals. Optimal grip here is referring to the proper contextual understanding of our environment as it pertains to our current situation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 We have to be able to quickly recognize when our model is no longer an accurate representation of what we are encountering and when to update it. The faster this process becomes the more often we will be able to make adjustments in the short term to overcome unforeseen obstacles. If our process of updating the agent-arena relationship and how well our model is representing it is to slow those obstacles will bring us to a complete stop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Ultimately it comes down to adaptability. Knowing when to use the hammer and when to use a screwdriver. Realizing that just because we have the hammer doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t necessarily mean it is the best tool for the job. That old adage of \u8220\'93To a man with a hammer, everything looks like a nail\u8221\'94 sums up the sentiment pretty succinctly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Tricking will constantly encourage this realization as we are trying to land particular combos. Many times we will begin with a plan of the tricks we intend to do. Once we actually get into the middle of that combo we find that we are not in the correct positions, or don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have enough momentum to generate the next movement. We could let this end in failure but what often happens is a real time adjustment of the plan. The combo is now going into something different, based on where we found ourselves. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 It is common to hear a tricker saying something along the lines of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is not what I meant to do, didn\u8217\'92t have enough power for the swing so I just did pop full and then I could swing the dub easily\u8221\'94. This type of adaptation where we take stock of the environment and make adjustments to continue forward rather than just accepting the failure is something we will find extremely useful in all areas of our lives. Instead of letting obstacles stop us in our tracks we learn to keep the momentum by making adjustments to the things that won\u8217\'92t work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 In order for us to make those adjustments in real time we have to have a large tool belt to pull from. A diverse set of skills that each have different strengths and use cases. Knowing how and when these things could be applied allows us to quickly drop in an alternative when our original plan is set to fail. To build this up we must have failed many times, and in many different ways each time updating those mental models we have. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s this understanding of how and where each of the elements can be used that allows for us to achieve the most optimal grip on the ever changing landscape that is reality.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   }}