{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Every new Tricker will have to wrestle with the idea of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93death\u8221\'94 of their Tricking. The concept that we won\u8217\'92t be able to perform these movements forever. There is an implied ending that is always drawing ever near. This directs us and drives many accomplishments. When we know that we only have so much time to get what we want done it forces a prioritization of what we can allot our time towards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 How each person encounters and deals with this will vary between them. Some will never truly pay attention to the idea but it will be there none the less. Still influencing the decisions being made. Some will pay full attention to this and allow it to drive the fire in them to be even stronger. The more they want to accomplish the more this urgency will present itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 When we become heavily interested with something we often make it a part of our identity. Everything we know or do is in reference to this one activity. It can be easy to let ourselves be entirely consumed by this and forget that we have potentials outside of this. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Within Tricking it is common to see people get caught up entirely in the culture that surrounds Tricking to the detriment of their other potentials. This is where the impacts are felt the hardest. When we are in this position, entirely obsessed with Tricking, the idea of leaving it behind isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t something we want to think about. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 In fact we often don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t, until we are confronted with that reality in our first injury. Injuries happen. It\u8217\'92s just a part of doing anything physically active. At some point we will make a mistake and our fragile human bodies will break and need to heal themselves. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 For many the first serious injury that takes them away from Tricking can be a pretty emotional experience. The life that you were consumed by is no longer accessible to you. It will often set the person on a discovery of what their relationship to this thing actually is. With the longer injuries keeping people away from Tricking for months at a time it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not uncommon to see people not return. They have accepted their death of tricking and chose to move on to different hobbies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 For those that come back to it again, they do so with a strengthened understanding of their relationship with Tricking and why they love it so much. At the same time with a deeper realization that this won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t last forever and to enjoy it for every thing it has to offer along the way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Endings are difficult. For most things, we don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get to choose when the end arrives. It just happens upon us. Typically before we are prepared for it. Not prepared because we haven\u8217\'92t taken the time to contemplate what the end would look like when it did arrive. It was much easier to push those thoughts aside and enjoy the moments as they came.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Without a proper appreciation and understanding of the coming end we won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ever fully realize the extent of our potentials. By conceptualizing our path more fully we can see where our limits lie. }}