{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 We can interrupt any of these inverted tricks with a touchdown, or hand plant. This is when we place one or both of our hands on the ground while we are still engaging in the inversion. The most common one we will come across will be the Cartwheel. It is often the one move that someone coming into Tricking will already be familiar with. A Cartwheel is an inside or outside flip performed where the hands touch sequentially in the middle. The performer in effect does a wheel with their body. Bringing their hands to the floor one at a time as the body inverts. The legs travel over the body while one or both hands are on the ground, and then the feet return to the floor one at a time. Another way of thinking of this based on the invert Tricks is an Aerial that has a sequential touchdown in the middle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab There are many other kinds of Touchdown's however. We can signify each of these using the following terms. Cart, Handspring(spring), Gumbi, Touchdown (TD), Broken, Sailor Moon, and Venus Moon. Each of these terms tells us the sequence, which hand to use, as well as where in the Trick the contact should occur. The first three Cart, Gumbi, and Handspring(spring) all have both hands involved and occur in the middle of the Trick. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 In a cart the hands will touchdown sequentially, either left hand > right hand or right hand > left hand, often having both hands on the ground to push off into the rebound for the next trick. Cartwheel is effectively a CartAerial if we view it in terms of the Invert Trick being a base. Or put another way an Aerial is a Cartwheel without the hands (this is the way its usually taught). }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 For the Handsprings, often referenced on Tricks with the suffix spring, the touchdown will occur simultaneously and is effectively a punch(think transitions from before) with the hands. This is most commonly seen in Backhandspring or Fronthandspring, but can also be seen in places such as Fullhanspring (FullBHS) CorkSpring and can be put anywhere we have an invert.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The Gumbi is very similar to the cart but reverses the order and incorporates some torsion during its hand placement. If your typical cartwheel places its hands Left > Right. Then in your gumbi Tricks you would place your hands down Right > Left across your body. Meaning Right hand in front of left foot and Left hand in front of Right foot. This typically results in a weird inversion }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Touchdown}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Broken}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Sailor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Venus}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 TOUCHDOWNS (HANDS) }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Cart - (L>R)Sequential - Two Handed - Middle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Handspring - Unified - Two Handed - Middle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Gumbi - (R>L)Sequential Twisted(torsion) - Two Handed - Middle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   Touchdown - Left Hand - Middle/Exit\tab \tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Broken - Right Hand - Middle/Exit\tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Sailor Moon - Left Hand - Entrance/Middle\tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Venus Moon - Right Hand - Entrance/Middle}}