{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 SETUPS:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Setups are movements we perform in order to generate momentum and get into the starting position for a particular trick. We have generally been referring to pure setups as opposed to setup tricks or setup combos. However colloquially you will hear the term setup used to refer to all three. Pure setups are the initial movements used to generate momentum and get into the starting position for the first Trick performed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab These are the movements we use to get us from a standing unmoving position into one that is generating movement and momentum to be used in the upcoming Trick. The pure setups generally include J-Step, K-Step, Euro-Step, Pivot, back-step, Spin Step, Skip Step, as well as Standing. Each of these is used to position the body in a different way depending on which Trick you want to perform. Many of these are just slight variations of simmilar ways into the same Tricks. Typically only having slight alterations made between them it us up to the Tricker which ones feel the best for a particular Trick. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  J-step, Euro-step, and Pivot for example are all ways to get into position where it is easy to perform a backswing. Standing, Skip-Step and Spin Step are common ways to get into position for a Bkick or Aerial style trick. This doesn't mean that someone couldn't do something like a spin-step into a backswing trick. They most certainly could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Any setup can be used to get into any trick you'd like, although its arguable that some are better suited for particular Tricks than others. That's the joy of Tricking though, you get to make it your own through the way you approach things. So whichever setups you'd like to incorporate. Have at it! It can be extremely fun to put tricks together with setups that are unconventional, it also helps us build an understanding of how momentum flows through the body during movements, making some tricks easier and others more difficult to perform based on the setup we chose. Finding the right setup to use is one that will only come through exploration of each of these, as well as creating your own. The setups we listed here are just the main few that are consistently used. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab So the setups are what get us into the starting position of our first Trick. These are meant to work to our advantage in generating momentum to be used in execution of the Trick itself. This can make many tricks possible that (at first) could not easily be done from standing. We will be getting to the elements of the Tricks themselves in just a moment but first let's talk about how we "Transition" between two Tricks.}}