{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 CascadiaMono-Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Tricking is always unique to the individual who is participating. In order for someone to interact with it they will constantly be having to teach themselves different ways of doing things. Overcoming difficult barriers that may not exist for others. This self-teaching aspect of Tricking is one of it's greatest tools. The realization that any complex system can be sufficiently understood if approached in smaller chunks and slowly brought back into the understanding of the whole. At first the things that seem overwhelming actually turn into rich worlds available to explore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Having a model of how to teach ourselves that we can reference moving forward allows for us to pick up on tasks much quicker. By understanding the base pattern of Establish Domain, Identify Skills Needed, Learn Process to perform, Attempt to Perform, Identify Weakness, Expand knowledge in area, Re-attempt, Identify Weakness, Expand Knowledge in area, Re-attempt. Iterating over these steps until we achieve the desired results. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab This cyclical pattern of Attempt, Assess, Adjust is one that will serve us for the rest of our lives. Having a willingness to continue iterating when the initial results ended in failure. The ability to recognize the failures for what they are, weakness identifiers, and use that to make the correct changes. Improving in anything is as simple as these three steps. They may take slightly different forms but in some way it is at its core. Attempt, Assess, Adjust. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab The ability to interface with any domain and rather quickly be able to start identifying areas where you can begin to focus in on is extremely useful. Autodidacts, or those who can teach themselves, can quickly learn things that interest them. Learning many different things the autodidact may be able to make contributions to multiple areas by bringing in perspectives from the other domains they are well versed in. This isn't to say that the person will necessarily have the same expertise as the specialist within each domain. No, what we are saying here is that the generalist just may be able to provide a different viewpoint or framework for the specialists to operate within. Offering opportunities for the specialists to take a closer look at some of the things they might have missed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Self-teaching as a tool that we have is also something that will constantly be rewarding us for engaging with it. As we learn more things about different domains we start making connections between the various domains we have studied so far. These connections are exactly the types of things we mentioned before that can potentially benefit the specialists. Seeing the patterns that are present across multiple domains is also useful to us as we start to realize the order that exists within this chaos. The semi consistent ways of organization that take place in so many different areas and at many levels of abstraction. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab The more we understand about the world the more we will realize how little we understand as humans and how much potential still lies just beyond our reach. The infinite curiosity that can be fed by exploring the areas we find still unmapped can also lead to our contribution to society by helping build the map. Learning many different skills is the best way for us to get a sample of whats out there and have a diverse background for when we do find the thing that obsesses us. The question that we need the answer to, and if no one else has answered it yet, we will find the answer. Each one of us has something that will create this in us. Each one different from the next. It's this that we have to offer the world. Our obsessions should be driving our productivity in a way that we can't wait to get back to work on our projects. The society that could exist if we had more people with this attitude is beyond our greatest dreams. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab  }}