{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Ultimately what we have to offer up to the culture, of Tricking or anything, is who we are. What we bring to things is everything about us in that moment that is different from the others we are sharing the moment with. Allowing ourselves to participate by doing something is 90 percent of the battle. The other 10 percent is knowing when to try to impose our will on the culture and when to shift our ways to fit within it. Some cultures are constantly pushing people to conform to a very particular way of doing something, whether for efficiency or uniformity. However within Tricking the culture is constantly reinforcing those who go against conventions and do something in an altogether different way. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab It has been said of Tricking that there is really only one rule that matters. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are rules, break them.\u8221\'94. To elaborate on this. As we painstakingly attempted to layout in the Terminology and Technicals section. The criteria to meet a particular Trick are loose ones with much room for variability. This encourages each Tricker to bring their own uniqueness to Tricks. Instead of forcing people to all do it exactly the same way, diluting the expression and making them mere accomplishments. Tricking allows for a fullness to be brought to the experience. Both for the Tricker and for the spectator. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 As a Human, we have particular facts that are ours and only ours. When we were born, how tall we are, who our family is, where we grew up. These things all help to inform the way we approach things. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s in the way that we approach things that we can bring our individual experience out into the world. Whether that is the case of writing, art, dancing, building something, or Tricking, it\u8217\'92s all the same. No one will do this thing the way that we will, and we will never do this thing the way that others will. Not exactly at least. We may be able to accomplish many of the same tasks as the other artisans. But it is our involvement that allows for a differentiation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Within Tricking this is the expression of the Tricks someone performs. The way an individual chooses to explore tricking will inform what they have at their disposal when they go to just Trick. There is training tricks and then their is Tricking. Tricking comes after one has trained Tricks. Much like art comes after one has trained in a particular medium. A Tricker is an artist and the body is their brush, or a more accurate analogy a musician whose instrument is their body. Each combo a song. Each trick a note. Transitions being the empty space between the notes. Performed, it is alive as it unfolds and ceases to be as it terminates. Only those who captured it in their experience truly know what it was like. Even watching through video is simply not the same as watching that perfect execution play out before your very eyes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The experience of music is like this. Listening to a song recording has a certain value, but it is always somehow lacking when compared with the performance by a true master of their craft. There is a moreness to the experience that is entered into by the spectator and the performer. Something beyond a simple description. Something more akin to an honest experience of the performer being shared with the world. That is what Tricking is. The unfolding of a series of movements that express something about the performer. Something about who they are, and what they value, something about their strengths and weakness, something about them that we don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t typically encounter in our blase conversations from day to day. However here in this moment while watching this Tricking combo unfold they seem to shout it with every muscle fiber in their being. This is who I am, see me here now, and then it fades away. Temporary as we are. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 There is a deep beauty in the transience of these moments. They capture something within them that gets lost the second it stops happening. Something that must be rekindled in the next display, however it will never be the same. It will never be as it was that last time, and recording it only preserves some of the value. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s this beauty in Tricking, that if we allow ourselves to be turned towards, can enrich our lives in ways that we didn\u8217\'92t quite realize before. When we are the practitioner we are also our own spectator. Just as the musician, we have the ability to not only enjoy the performance but the experience, although from a different vantage point. The way it feels to do Tricks that we like to do, overcoming difficult challenges we have set for ourselves and exploring this thing authentically first hand. It\u8217\'92s how we take up this project of tricking and make it our own that allows us to bring something new and valuable back into the Culture from which we took.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 This realization should be extended into all domains. It is how we come to things and take them up as our own that makes it possible for us to contribute something back to it. If we were to simply follow every convention that was passed down to us to a T there would be complete stagnation, nothing would grow and progress and evolve into something more than it is now. Many things having their dogmas make rigid things that should flow. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The general attitude of Tricking seems to be to constantly look around to see if there is something it hasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t incorporated yet and try to bring it in. If you take this attitude that Tricking has towards its culture into other areas, I believe we have the possibility to breathe new life into these areas. That\u8217\'92s not to say we should come into a culture and immediately start imposing our way of doing things upon it. Not at all. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 *** Insert Graphic Amoeba of Tricking Culture***}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 We can use a metaphor to think about the way in which the Tricking culture does this. Looking at the picture of blobs above we can think of Tricking as if it is an amoeba, an amorphous blob of sorts. When someone is coming into tricking for the first time. They have to figure out everything about the amoeba as it is right now.(as we did in the preceding chapters) As they get more and more information about it they will start doing things and showing them to the amoeba to see if it has that covered or not. It will then either incorporate these cells(new concept or idea) into its structure or dispel with them. This decision being formed by the community at large responding to the new appearance of something that either has or hasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been seen before. Either way the response is what drives the decision. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 *** Insert Growth of Domain Graphic**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 It isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t only our explicit contributions to a domain that have an impact. It\u8217\'92s the implicit implications they typically carry with them. In the graphic above shows us how a domain typically grows. In effect, there is a circle which covers the specialized knowledge contained within the domain. This knowledge has it\u8217\'92s own terms, and ways of approaching problems as well as methods and practice it has determined are superior. Before we can truly begin to make any notable contributions it is required that we familiarize ourselves with the landscape the domain has already laid out for us. Only once we have exhausted this exploration and begin to poke at an edge that has yet to be uncovered can we begin to make a dent. This little bubble that start to form as we explore this previously unexplored area allows for not just the immediate discoveries to be made but also for the realization of other areas that could be explored in a similarly new way. This effective expansion of the domains knowledge base is what pushes the domain forward. Sometimes these small bubbles that form eventually grow into their own sub-domains eventually becoming full blown Fields of study themselves. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 It is only through the continued contribution of its members that this happens though. And those who respect the culture they are coming into the most will, while often gentle to explore those areas, when they find something they will be strongly vocal about its importance. It isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just the accomplishment that gets added to the culture. Its the way in which the accomplishment came about. That mode of exploring the domain. It is this which revitalizes the culture and allows it to continue to push its domain further. By changing the ways that it is interacted with to uncover new and different features that were lying dormant when viewed from that other mode. This thing that was thought to have been explored comes back to life in a completely new way. Often this inspires many of the practitioners to take a step back and take a different look at many things that they had previously taken for granted. Things that had been so categorized into a particular use case that we forgot there might be more potential within it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Tricking doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just need someone who can do Double Flips and Quad Fulls. Tricking doesn\u8217\'92t just need someone who can understand the terminology and teach others. It doesn\u8217\'92t just need someone who can hold events and push the sport forward in that way. What does tricking really need? Tricking needs YOU. It needs your viewpoint, your tricks, your presence. It needs your contribution, and if you choose to interact with it at all, you will make that. It\u8217\'92s all of these things that make Tricking Tricking. The coming together of many people who are expressing themselves through interacting with this art form.}}