{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;;;\cssrgb\c76297\c76297\c76297;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 What is it? <- Hard QuestionCombination }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Kicks, Flips, Twist. Martial Arts, Gymnastics, Breakdancing Elements.As I started in 2010 everything I know from beforehand is either hearsay or speculation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Martial Arts Circa 1980\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Adding Flips and more complex kicks to make the forms more interesting. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Ernie Reyes Jr - West Coast Demo Team. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 NASKA put limits on amount of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93gymnastics moves\u8221\'94 allowed in forms. They looked for a Martial Art incorporation which encouraged competitions to variate these gymnastic movements in a martial arts fashion. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Steven Ho - 540David DouglasBattle of Atlanta }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Zero Gravity Stunts 1998 - Tony Chu}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Loopkicks founded 1999 - Isaiah Flores & Chris Devera}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 New Age Ninjas }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 MEM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Team Inversion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Creative Forms Crew}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Team Paul Mitchell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 TeamTF}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Loopkacks}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Disastricks}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 NTBS }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 StrickingZ}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Aeriform}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 SOFLO}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 DMV}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Team E}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Team Rawr}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Team FS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Furious Force}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Drednt}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Invincible}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Torque}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Unito}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 SGTF - NeoTricks}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 TrickStrong}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 TrickDynamix}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 EnsoTricking}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Adrenaline}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 The Garrison}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Skillaz}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 VellusTa}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Tumdra}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Mike Chat student of John Sharkey, Jr  (Michael Chaturantabut) forms XMA 90s}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Early 00s Backyard Trickers come out of seeing videos from XMA}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Early - Mid 00s Spreads largely through }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://Bilang.com"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Bilang.com}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Late 00s Later opens to }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://TricksTutorials.com"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 TricksTutorials.com}}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf4  (Jujimufu)}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://Tricksession.com"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Tricksession.com}}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf4  was a replacement for a while - Eric Benjamin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Late 00s Youtube Sampler Era - 2006 - 2013}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 2013 - Present - Instaram Clips, occasional sampler}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Club 540. Created in 2003 - Still Active one of best resources for beginners }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 August 2005 First Trictionary hosted. Started with 100 TricksSteve Terada}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Manny Brown}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Matt Emig}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Marc Caninizado}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Chrissy Conception}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 CLN 2002 offstage sampler}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 CLN 2003 First Tricks Battles}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Toronto Gathering 2003}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Loopkicks 2004 First LK Gathering}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Loopkicks 2008 Famous Lk vs DMV}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Loopkicks 2009 Cartoon Network}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 EPIC 2009  First Epic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Trickedelphia 2009 2010 2011}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Camps - Gathering Run Training sessions}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Seminars}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Tricking Classes ( Gymnastics Gym)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Colorado LnL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Martial Posture}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 TrickTheory}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Cinematic Martial Arts - Dan Perez}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Landing Stances for Nate Hitpas - May 26 2012}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 TrickTheory started to share the landing stances Mega and Semi adding to the Complete and Hyper that existed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Dan Perez TeJada - saw the matrix}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Dub Dub 08}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 CorkDleg 08}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 CorkSnapu 08}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Tripple Cork 09}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 White Lotus opened 09/10}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 KOJO TrickLab Dec 14 2017 started 40 tutorials now over 350 Tutorials 800 + Videos}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 Started Coaching business which led to KojoTricklab}}