{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Tricking is strange in that it has a relatively high barrier to entry however the retention rate is surprisingly high for those who do get into it. You either love tricking with a fiery passion or you couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care less about it. It\u8217\'92s almost as if Tricking finds us and pulls us into it and holds us there until we find ourselves immersed in this underground world of real life ninjas and super humans.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  As we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve seen by going through the terminology and technicals section, Tricking is rather complex. It has many things that are difficult to fully understand how they work together without taking the time to develop a deep understanding of the system. But once we start developing that understanding, exceptional worlds of possibility open up before us. We see areas that, while they have been mapped, have not been truly explored physically, first hand. All of the theory needs to be made real through our actions. There is so much that tricking has to offer once we get over that initial barrier of trying to figure out what it is, and start realizing what it can do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Sometimes the simplest starting rules can lead to emergent systems that appear to take on their own life. Take John Conway\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Game of Life. This is a cellular automaton computer program that has only a few simple rules. It contains a grid of cells which abide by the following rules to control their state. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 1. Any live cell with one or no neighbors dies, as if by loneliness. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 2. Any live cell with four or more cells dies, as if by overpopulation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 3. Any live cell with two or three neighbors survives. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 4. Any dead cell with three neighbors comes alive, as if born.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Which can be simplified even further to three rules.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 1. Any live cell with two or three live neighbors survives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 2. Any Dead cell with three live neighbors becomes a live cell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 3. All others cells die, or stay dead in the next generation}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 *** Insert Images of John Conways Game of Life***}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Out of these few simple rules an immense amount of potential patterns can be displayed. It all depends on the starting conditions. Each of which can lead to a variety different end results over just a few iterations, even from extremely similar initial conditions. Some of the patterns may lead nowhere, while others may create very stable patterns that continue over many generations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab This is something you will quickly realize within Tricking. Once you understand a few of the rules to operate within, entire worlds of complexity are immediately opened up to be investigated. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s this feature that really hooks us. We don\u8217\'92t have to learn all of Tricking to really engage with this system. We can choose to find the areas that excite us about it the most and spend the majority of our time within those areas. Exploring it in a way that only we can. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 That is the magic that lies just beyond that barrier to entry. Rich worlds of complexity and emergence from simple rules. For those of us who do make it past that barrier, lifetimes worth of exploration can be found.       And once they are found they grab hold of our interest and set us on a new path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  }}