{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 STANCES:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Starting with the stances. These can be a bit confusing at first as there are many options that overlap with each other but if we take it one step at a time we can see how we build up to the Advanced Stances below on the right. Many people have been utilizing a dated version of the stances as seen below on the left. This has been "good enough" for the past few years but it is time for the charts to catch up to the level of complexity that is being performed by Trickers these days. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 *Insert Graphic Old Landing Stances(left) && Advanced Stances Grid(Right)*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab The Stances can be either Landing Stances or Takeoff Stances. The same terminology is used for both as many times one landing stance is the next Tricks takeoff stance. For both vertical kicks and invert tricks there are a multitude of possible positions, each carrying their own transitional possibilities. We can break the options down into the BIFO and CHMS grids. BIFO stands for Backside, Inside, Frontside, and Outside. These refer primarily to how square your hips are to the target and in which direction. These are also used as a way to categorize the many invert tricks based on the "general orientation" of the Trick to the target during execution.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab CHMS stands for Complete, Hyper, Mega, and Semi. These give context to the direction being traveled and specifies which foot is being placed down. Complete(backwards) and Mega(forwards) referring to the outside leg (left for left twisters) touching the ground. Hyper(backwards) and Semi(forwards) referring to the inside leg(right for left twisters) touching the ground. As we can see in the graphics below the direction of momentum is consistent throughout each stance. This is because it is what we are using to determine which stance we are in. Backside Complete being the default starting position. }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab As we can see on the separated grids below each of the 8 Stances we have mentioned (BIFO and CHMS) each cover roughly 180 degrees of the available 360 degrees worth of orientations possible. This is far more than shown in the stances laid out in the Advanced Stances Grid at the beginning of this section. This is because the Advanced Stances Grid shows us the most common combinations of these landing stances due to the orientation of foot and hips in these positions. It's also makes for an easy way to fit it all into one graphic for quick reference. However when we look at the separated grids below we can actually get a fuller picture of the true possibilities.  }
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 ***Insert Separated BIFO and Separated CHMS Grid***}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Hopefully these graphics are making it a bit easier to frame how these various stances describe the orientation to your DOM. Backside is when our Back is to our DOM. Frontside is when our Front is to our DOM. Inside is when we are facing towards the imaginary target. Outside is when we are facing away from the imaginary target. Complete and Mega refer to our left foot (for left twisters) and Hyper and Semi refer to our right foot (for left twisters). Complete and Hyper mean we are going backwards in relation to our DOM, Mega and Semi mean we are going forwards. So when we layer these pieces all together we should come out with something like the two graphics below. This "essentially" shows all of the landing combinations for each leg. You'll notice some of the landings are grayed out this is to indicate the stances that are least played with, primarily due to the anatomy of knees and ankles. Regardless these stances do technically exist so we should mention them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 ***Insert Advanced CHMS GRID Right and Left***}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab As you can see in the graphic above the stances for the Left Leg include Backside Complete (this is the most standard landing) as well as Outside Complete and Inside Complete when traveling backwards and Frontside Mega (the most common mega) as well as Inside Mega and Outside Mega. The Right leg has the same options just applied to Hyper and Semi respectively. So that gives us Backside Hyper (the most common) as well as Inside Hyper and Outside Hyper when traveling backwards and Frontside Semi (the most common) as well as Inside Semi and Outside Semi. All of these give us the following List:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Backside Complete}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Backside Hyper}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Inside Complete}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Inside Hyper}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Inside Mega}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Inside Semi}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Frontside Mega}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Frontside Semi}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Outside Complete}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Outside Hyper}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Outside Mega}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Outside Semi\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab You'll notice that Backside and Frontside stances only have stances that go in the same direction as they do. Hyper and Complete for Backside and Mega an Semi in Frontside. Technically you could land in Backside Semi Or Mega but it would mean that you are changing you DOM in the landing/takeoff stance. And since your DOM is the point of reference this technically would shift you from being in "Backside" Semi to Backside Hyper due to your DOM going behind you now. Typically this is when the prefix Fake is used because the Backside Semi is a FAKE Semi because it is really a Backside Hyper. Fake stances really aren't that difficult to understand if you have a better understanding of the stances like we just laid out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 *** Insert Advanced Stances Grid *** }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab By now we should be starting to get comfortable with these stances and how they are working with each other to describe something to us about the Trick taking place. We are getting information about the orientation of the Trickers body to their direction of momentum and describing which foot is being utilized. If this is a takeoff stance we know they are entering the Trick. If this is a landing stance we know they are exiting the Trick.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Up till now these stances have been exclusively used in their full by the invert tricks. However, you may have noticed in many of the charts there was a mention of a hook, or a round in each of the stances. This is because knowing which foot we are landing on can easily tell us which leg we have available to perform a certain kick in the air. We will discuss this at more length in the kicking section. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab These stances are great to give us information about a Trick when the foot is touching the ground but how do we get into and out of these stances. That is where our setups and transitions come in.}}