{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 To paint this picture a little better we can take a look at the dynamics between skiing and snowboarding. If you know anything about the history there you will know that in the beginning snowboarders were not welcome at the ski resorts alongside the skiers. Snowboarding was viewed by many as a nuisance. The snowboarders themselves being viewed as rebellious troublemakers and vagrants that were there to ruin the good time of skiers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The ski world was one of money, affluence and decorum. You dressed a certain way, acted a certain way, and if you were at the ski resort, you had some money. The snowboarding world was one of passion, exploration, and freedom, rules be damned. Snowboarding was taking heavy influence from skateboarding and the anti-establishment culture that was on the rise in that era.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The focus was on the passion for the sport and the artform that it created. Exploring the unexplored, and doing the not-yet-done. This was butting heads with the more uniform and structured ski-world. This isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t to say that Skiers weren\u8217\'92t pushing the boundaries within their own world, they absolutely were. However, the general culture at the ski-resorts was not this. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 This clash between skiers and snowboarders is very similar to the clash of the Trickers and the Gymnasts/Cheerleaders. Two extraordinarily different worlds coming into the same space. In both cases, the space created by the more organized and rigid world. In both cases, the explorers being poorly received at first. Eventually though, these worlds would figure out ways to exist alongside each other, in many cases giving great benefits to one another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 One of the biggest benefits being access to an improved training ground. Having access to these facilities would allow the athletes to become deeply skilled in their crafts.    }}