{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Culture. A definition of this is often reduced down to the attitudes and behaviors that are characteristic of a particular social group or organization. While not entirely incorrect it offers these up as somewhat stagnant objects that are unchanging, as if we could list off these attitudes and behaviors in a short list and that would encompass the culture with which we reference. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Lets take a deeper look at what culture really is and how it forms, or rather is forming, as this is a constant process that is unfolding with each interaction of the participants. First, the question, who or what establishes the culture in the first place. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hard to say. It\u8217\'92s not in effect one person who sets the culture, with the exception of a totalitarian one. It\u8217\'92s out of the interactions between the participants in the culture. And yes I would argue that a culture is not something you \u8220\'93belong\u8221\'94 to but rather something you participate within. This culture comes out of the participation of multiple individuals with their own entirely unique world-views, each one taking and giving from the culture in their own ways. Whether the ideas, behaviors, interactions were reacted to positively or negatively will inform the participant how to adjust their behaviors. Each person constantly making adjustments to their behavior based on others responses. The social pressures can shift the culture to change rapidly, or stagnate it\u8217\'92s growth. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 So the first few people who begin to do a particular activity are the ones who establish the first \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93culture\u8221\'94. It is these participants general disposition towards each other, and the world in general that shapes what this culture consists of. Just as much as the people form the culture, the culture also forms the people. As we become ingrained in a particular subset of society, we will begin adopting manners of speaking, ways of looking at problems, new behaviors and in general a new lens to look at the world through. We learn the way the members of the group we want to fit into behave and we try to adapt ourselves to that. This isn\u8217\'92t to say that we completely abandon who we were before this. We bring that to this new culture. When we put our particular spin on a way of doing something we take note of how the other participants in the culture reacted. If this was positive then we will often watch other people begin to pull this behavior into their way of being, if it is negative we may make adjustments to the way we do things in order to avoid offending members of our peer group. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 So each person as they are becoming molded by this culture are themselves molding it back. It is through the iteration of the co-molding that actually establishes the culture. Effectively it is emergent. Each iteration taking new things into the culture and dispelling with others. The learning that one does in joining a particular sub-culture is basically how not to offend the other participants to the degree that they wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be welcomed back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Some cultures are more rigid then others, where the have essentially established the norms and behaviors they have found to work and make a strong effort to discourage newer participants from going against these. Not necessarily totalitarian but approaching that direction organically through a distributed network of people correcting others through shame, rather than force. Others may encourage new behaviors and ideas to be explored and allowed to flourish, constantly bringing them into their culture and constantly allowing the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93standards\u8221\'94 to change. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Tricking, finds itself in the latter category. Where the culture of today is hardly the culture of last week. There are some things that are consistent, but more has changed than hasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t in the last decade. Tricking is constantly reifying its behaviors as it sees new updates. And it is thanks to each individual tricker that this is possible. Each person pushing their own boundaries within tricking, and exploring whatever areas they find exciting. Taking what they find and sharing it back with the rest of the community of participants to get feedback. New moves and combo \u8220\'93metas\u8221\'94. Meta here reffering to the gamer sense of the word meaning the generally agreed upon strategy for approaching a particular problem, or the M E T A. Most Effective Tactics Available. This just means the common way you see people putting their Tricks together in combos.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab This participatory aspect of culture is one that is often overlooked, and the responsibility shirked off. The problem is that when people ignore that how they interact with a culture in turn influences that culture. Especially when other members of that group consider that person as a resource of information about how the culture generally functions. Whether you wish to have an impact on something or not, you will. By simply interacting with it at all we are going to change it in some way. When we take the responsibility for this, we have the opportunity to direct back towards the culture as much positivity and growth as we can. We should most definitely do this in the cases where the culture that we have come into and been formed by has positively affected our own lives. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 That is in effect what this book is. An attempt to contribute something back to a culture that has given me so much. So many lessons I have learned through interacting with Tricking and all of its many participants. It is after realizing the importance of all these interactions that I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve had and how they\u8217\'92ve shaped me and given me the opportunities I needed in order to learn certain lessons that I felt the compulsion to share something back to it. Something that hopefully will shift and change the culture forward into something new and greater than it was before. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Just as we mentioned earlier how each individual Tricker will be on their own unique path through Tricking. Each individual Tricker will also  have their own unique contribution to Tricking and the tricking culture that makes it up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 In this life we are all each individuals with completely ways of approaching things, informed by our experiences before us and the goals that we strive for in front of us. Each with the ability to cultivate a unique expertise on one particular thing, what it is that we have to offer the world. We do this each day when we interact with things. It is by our very existence that we are constantly offering ourselves up to the world, and allowing our influence to be imbued on it. This is obviously felt more strongly in the smaller and smaller communities however this is a pattern that presents itself to us in many areas of our experience. The question is are we going to passively affect this culture or are we going to actively take part in its creation.}}