{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 In the cases of many of the extreme sports activities, the uninitiated will sometimes use the term of adrenaline junkie to refer to people who do these things, but that is a bit of a misnomer. The people described by such a term aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t after an adrenaline rush, not at all. The adrenaline only rushes in when things are starting to go wrong. What those people are actually addicted too is getting into the flow state.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 There has been extensive research that has been done surrounding flow theory, as introduced in the 1970s by Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, that outlines very well why Tricking has the benefits it does. Many of the fields that study human consciousness, psychology, cognitive psychology and behavioral sciences have further explored the initial ideas that Csiksszentmihalyi laid out in his various written works. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Essentially the Flow Theory revolves around this concept of a Flow State. A flow state refers to the experiential sense of being an individual feels when engaging with certain tasks. Specifically the tasks that have them feeling, as well as performing their best. Flow theory is a descriptive model of the attributes that lead to the experience of these flow state. This descriptive model has led to a variety of prescriptive models in its wake. Specifically the field of Positive Psychology which directly came as a result of more and more people looking into the findings of Flow Theory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Csikszentmihaly had originally set out to understand how people feel when they most enjoy themselves and why that was the case. He was basically interested in what happiness is, and whether or not it can be cultivated. What he found in this search was that people generally tended to describe a similar experience of flow. Most notable in his findings were the types of activities these individuals were engaged in when these feelings arose. More often than not the activities they described were not leisure activities, but rather activities that had them engaging in some difficult tasks. Participants in the study would often describe the times of highest enjoyment as those when they were engaged in solving difficult problems often times in terms of their professional work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The term flow state derives from the many interviews Csikszentmihalyi conducted where participants described their optimal state of performance as instances where their actions seemed to flow from one to the next. Or in the case of artisans, the work seemed to flow out of them with little effort. Participants often describe a sense of timelessness and that every tasks seems almost effortless and things just \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93come together\u8221\'94. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 As he studied these flow states he developed a generalized list of the conditions that accompany flow. Typically these flow inducing activities have (1) Clear Goals with a distinctively defined objective and immediate feedback, (2) the performers skills are adequately suited for the challenge, (3) during the activity the performers action and awareness merge, (4) the perfomer has a deep concentration on the task at hand, (5) the performer experiences the potential for control, but not a certainty, (6) the performer may experience a loss of their sense of self, a sense of growth, or a connection to something bigger than themselves, (7) an altered sense of time, where it may appear to pass slower or faster than usual, and (8) the experience itself becomes a goal in itself, it is auto-tellic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 It is not required that an experience contain all 8 of these conditions, nor is this an exhaustive list of all of the possible experiences that accompany a flow state. It is however a great general starting point for understanding what a flow state is and why people pursue them. Initially it was thought that these experiences were reserved for a certain subset of society to enjoy, only the best at their particular task could ever really be \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93in the zone\u8221\'94. Over time though, there was a realization that a diverse range of activities engender this experience, and at a vast range of skill levels.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 It was a long held belief that these types of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93peak experiences\u8221\'94 were only available as a reward for operating at an elite level. As Csikzentmihalyi, and the many who followed him, discovered these \u8220\'93peak experiences\u8221\'94 felt in these flow states were actually the very thing that would lead someone to eventually operate at an elite level. It wasn\u8217\'92t chasing being the best that made them the best, it was having a love for the activity that brought them back to train in it over and over until they eventually developed the skills.   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  }}