{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 There are several types of universal language the most known are math and music, and the most forgotten is movement. Universal languages transcend the barriers that regular languages encounter. Allowing for communication between people that wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t otherwise be possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 When you watch someone trick you are listening to them speak in a different language. The language of movement. That expression through movement is something that can be universally understood by everyone regardless of their background or usual language. Especially if you know what you are witnessing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 As someone crafts a combo they are using these various Tricks as puzzle pieces to put together something that hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t existed before. Like a poem with movements. Each trick like a line that is using these movements in ways that you wouldn\u8217\'92t typically see in everyday usage. Much in the same way that poetry takes our everyday use of language and allows for a moreness to be evoked from it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The language of Tricking is very similar. We are taking movements that have been created, and utilized by various other movement domains before, and bringing them into the Tricking ecosystem. Constantly expanding the potentials and possibilities and giving new life to many of these movements. These are then available for the Trickers to use in their combos telling their own stories. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 When we watch someone Trick. We are watching them display something very primal. Our ability to tap into our human potential and drive it into some creation, in this case a series of acrobatic movements. The way a Tricker chooses to put together their Tricks in a combo will often show any spectator\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what the Tricker interests. Whether that is complex transitions, floaty and clean shapes, power-moves, or some combination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 At a session, we can watch Trickers have silent conversations with each other. An open dialogue that anyone at the session can participate in. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll watch as one person does a pass that inspires the next person to take some aspect of the combo they just saw and bring it into their next pass. Watching as the inspiration freely exchanges between people and directs the overall flow of the session. }}