{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;;;\cssrgb\c76297\c76297\c76297;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 If you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve ever asked someone who participates in this thing the question \u8220\'93What is Tricking?\u8221\'94 You were most likely met first with a long sigh and then some version of this bottled answer. Tricking is a combination of kicks, flips, and twists; or, Tricking is a combination of elements from various forms of Martial Arts, Gymnastics Tumbling and Breakdancing. While these do point to the visible action taking place within Tricking as it occurs, it does so only as a reference to the parts that it came from. It\u8217\'92s quite understandable that this is what happens because in general, there is no good frame of reference to explain it in any other way. Unfortunately this completely misses the reality of what it is. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf4 So why does this happen? When someone has not experienced something for themselves and we want to share our experience with them we have to point to things in our description that the other person HAS experienced first hand. We do this because that person can conjure up an idea of what those constituent parts are and try to bring them together. So in the explanation that Tricking is a combination of kicks, flips, and twists. Someone who has no frame of reference for the idea of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tricking\u8221\'94 can then create a visual concept of someone moving through the air in unique ways. This picture that is painted is always a mis-appropriation of what Tricking really is but for the sake of our argument we should continue down this road to understand why people default to this answer. Thinking of the \u8220\'93moves\u8221\'94 that make up the \u8220\'93move-set\u8221\'94 within the performance of Tricking, as what Tricking is, makes sense because in some way it \u8220\'93IS\u8221\'94 this, but only in some way. I hope to make it clear how this partial picture makes it difficult to communicate the deeper understanding of what Tricking is and why it is important.}}