{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Tricking is, and always has been based around the sharing of new ideas and encouragement of replication. When someone does something new and interesting, the whole community is encouraged to start incorporating this new movement into their own Tricks. This is diametrically opposed from the general approach we find in much of society, where it is common to hinder others in using our ideas through the use of intellectual property law.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Since it began in the late 80\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Tricking\u8217\'92s entire ecosystem is built upon that principle of shared ideas. People would see someone do a movement that was interesting and figure out how to incorporate it into what they were doing. Taking inspiration not only from the main movement disciplines that are associated with Tricking but looking anywhere and everywhere there were movements.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Once someone would discover some new type of movement they would take to the internet forums of the time (this includes social medias of today), and share that idea to see what others thought. Which would often result in a string of people playing with the concepts and pushing them further then any individual could have thought up alone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Just by doing the Tricks in a place that can be seen by others is sharing those ideas. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s like music. A tune that\u8217\'92s in the air will inspire someone, that idea has been put out and it up to the person to interact with it. Just by paying attention we can capture new ideas and bring them into our own understandings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 And with tricking, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s easy for our attention to focus on those new ideas, because whenever we see something we hadn\u8217\'92t before it fills us with a sense of wow. A sense of awe and discovery, like there is more terrain to be explored still. Especially for those of us who have mapped a large majority of the movements and are no longer truly \u8220\'93surprised\u8221\'94 to see a particular combo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s that staleness that we may begin to feel that sets itself against the intensity of excitement when we see something new and creative. We will feel lifted out of that feeling of boredom and be pushed back into the flow channel where creativity can thrive. Something that had seemed to be lifeless is renewed with an aliveness to it. A subtle radiance to the idea that draws us in to explore it further. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 This aliveness seems to bring with it an illuminating quality. Where, as we are experiencing the excitement from the discovery, there is also a further exploration taking place. }}