{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The session. It is a Tricker\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s training ground. The place where we go to hone our skills and make improvements, and most importantly fail. Failure is one of the biggest parts of progress in tricking. A willingness to overcome that failure is at the heart of every good session. When we fail, we learn. It is a hard pill to swallow but that is the way it is with everything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 There are all kinds of sessions, grass sessions, solo sessions, tramp sessions, parking lot sessions, but the most important session is usually the gym session. The gym session take place in a gymnastics gym where there is access to a plyometric spring floor. The plyo is typically a carpeted floor with a thick foam resting on top of a plywood layer that is attached to evenly spaced springs. This type of floor is extremely beneficial in reducing the intensity of the impact the joints will feel when training in acrobatic movements.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The sessions taking place today are very different from the sessions that were taking place when I first came into Tricking. Today tricking is slowly taking its place as a respected activity in a gymnastics gym or martial arts dojo. This comes only after years of trickers paving the way for that relationship. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 In the early days Tricking was viewed as the anti-christ from within the purview of the gymnastic/cheerleading world. The lack of rigid rules when it came to form and execution was not something the gymnastsic oriented folks could get behind. To them we were just hurling our bodies in the air with absolutely no understanding as to what we were doing. A surefire way to get injured, the last thing they wanted to deal with. So we would often be denied access to train. Open Gyms were primarily designated for the Gymnasts or children, not for a group of rowdy teenagers that want to flail around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 In order to gain access to training time people would often call the gyms and ask if their was anytime the gym was available to train in when it was unoccupied. In many cases this resulted in getting laughed off the phone and being told only gym members have access to the facility. If you were diligent though you would eventually find somewhere that would let you come into train. Often when the gym closed for the evening and the coaches were doing cleanup. We were so grateful for this time. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 If you were really lucky you would befriend some of the coaches or gym owners and have fairly regular access to session time. Most of the time though you were lucky to get a few sessions a month. As time went on Trickers were getting better, cleaner, and insanely technically difficult, to the point where anyone with an acrobatics background could start to see that this was something that was here to stay. This isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t to say they welcomed us in with open arms. No, it was a much more begrudging shift that happened over many years. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Over the years, many of these gym owners and coaches started to recognize the passion, and drive these Tricker\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s had at every session. While the technical difficulty was noted the worlds of gymnastics and Cheerleading were still not ready to bring Tricking into their core business model. Trickers, while impressive, were still viewed as just a group of rowdy teenagers who lacked discipline and proper form. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Within the spheres gymnastics and cheerleading, rules reign supreme. There is a specific form and structure each movement must adhere to otherwise points will be deducted. Uniformity in execution is placed in higher regard than the ability to be creative and differentiate yourself. Skill levels are often capped by level you compete at and at the top levels several moves are made illegal due to their dangerous nature. This leveling of the playing field is actually stagnating these art forms. Placing a rigid structure on these is preventing further progress by punishing those who would push it forward.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4}