{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab By now we should have a fairly decent understanding of the ways in which Tricking has the ability to benefit us outside of the movements themselves. In fact at this point it should be quite obvious that the movements are really secondary in the journey that Tricking takes us on. It is the journey itself, those firsthand experiences of boundaries and how we overcame them, that actually stands to help us.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab These new abilities we have developed, allow us to bring any dream we have into a reality. When I say any, I literally mean any. To speak from personal experience briefly, there are a number of things that I have achieved by following the framework that Tricking laid out for me, that I would never have believed to be possible. This book included in that list of "impossible" tasks. Through this new lens to view the world the word impossible gets an apostrophe and a space. So that Impossible = I'm possible. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab When we lead with the belief that it is possible to achieve. We will do that. It may not be on the first attempt, or the 500th, but one day if we maintain persistence we will be able to do it. Whatever it is! Many times we will find ourselves in the "marathon of the middle" where it doesn't feel like we are actually making progress towards our goal. Each attempt we make to complete the tasks seems to barely move the needle. It is in those times that we need to have that belief that we will achieve the goal in the end. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab If we lose this belief entirely we might just give up. Stop working towards whatever it is we originally dreamed of. Which is sad. It is always sad when someone gives up on their dreams. It doesn't matter how big or small our dreams are. Just that they are ours. That is what the world needs, for each of us to explore our dreams to our best abilities. Pursing our own versions of greatness alongside one another. Helping each other when we can. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab }}