{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 That was a tough section we just went through where we covered quite a lot of information about Tricking. Hopefully by now we are starting to get a more decent picture of what these moves have evolved into. This is the system that would eventually build up over many months or years of attempting to learn individual tricks. Each trick giving us a new understanding of what possibilities are opened up through these movements.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 We can start taking these moves that have been laid out and using the system of stances and transitions to begin to create some combos. Linking together the Tricks that we have learned in as many ways as we can think of. We often start with two tricks that we want to connect. We then determine what type of transition we would like to use to get from one trick into the next. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 This aspect of tricking is when we start to explore the ways these movements are interacting with each other in ways that are more than theoretical. This takes us back into a similar encounter as we described in the Learning a Move section. One where we have to take our imagined version and bring it into reality by checking between the actual outcome and the desired outcome and making adjustment along the way. The process looking something like Attempt>Assess>Adjust. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The attempt step is where we take our imagined version and try to map our actions to it as closely as we can. In this step we have made up our mind on what we are going to be trying with specific things we are going to keep in focus. The specific things often being the adjustments we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve made in the past.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Then we can assess how our attempt measured up against our goal. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s in this step that we reflect back upon the attempt and how it played out. Using as much information as we can about the situation by calling on all of our resources. Our proprioception, our peers, cameras, and of course the original model of the thing we are working towards. Through all of these feedback sources we can get a fairly good idea of where, how, and by how much we fell short from our goal. At which point we are prepared to get into the adjustment step. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 In the adjustment step we have weighed and measured our attempt against the goal and have gathered enough information to make informed changes to our approach. Updating the plan of action to be enacted in the next attempt. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Each time we go through this we are not only learning things that are relevant to the specific Trick or combo we are in pursuit of. Many times our failures on the way to landing one Trick opens us up to new ways of doing other Tricks that we hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t explored before. We may not even realize that this is the case until we go to focus on those other Tricks. Each new skill we learn feeds into the overall understanding that we have of this system of movement as it unfolds in the physical world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Tricking tends to show us that change is the primary constant when it comes to reality. Each time we try to do something, even if we have done it many times before. There will be some slight alterations to how it plays out. The speed, height, shape, fluidity, or maybe just the feeling. Some element will be different and require something different from us to succeed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s this constant interpreting the implicit information that is shown by way of the explicit that builds up our diverse understandings of these movements in ways that we can know more about them their descriptions could ever afford us. Our descriptions can get us most of the way there, but there will always be something about the system that we won\u8217\'92t discover until we confront it firsthand in the movement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s those subtle un-explainable features of each movement that separate those who truly understand them from those who know the theory. The skills that develop when you have mapped all of these minute understandings are what allow for a creativity to be brought forth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 We will quickly discover in our iteration over the attempts that each time we come back to the same movement some aspect will have changed. This is because each time we are doing it, it is different, and so are we. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  }}