{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c0;;;\cssrgb\c76297\c76297\c76297;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4\fi-853\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx220\tx720\li720\fi-360\sl380\slmult0\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4  \tab \bullet \tab Aeriform (Aeriformmat.com):}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  \~The main site for TKT users.  }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404091317/http://www.aeriformmat.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Aeriform}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  could also be said to be a system of understanding, learning, and teaching, and is the basis for many of the concepts and definitions in Tricktheory because of it standardization and uniformity from user to user.}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Ambi:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  \~Short for ambidextrous.\~This generally refers to ability to perform a given trick on both sides, but can also mean the ability to do a trick on the opposite side, also known as the darkside, only}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Backswing:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   takeoff in which the performer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leg travels from back to front in a pendulum motion, similarly to kicking a ball.\~This is typically used to initiate back flipping motions such as gainers and corks.}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Backside:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  a stance in which the performer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest is turned 90 degrees from the target, and their outside kicking leg is nearest the target.\~Generally,\~this means that you face away from your momentum while comboing. Simply stated, the performer\u8217\'92s back faces the way they travel.}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Blocking:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404091317/http://www.tricktheory.com/basicterms/inverts-and-twists/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 term}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \~used to describe the transfer of linear momentum into vertical lift.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ In many cases, the mission of the block is to translate all of the momentum into lift, thereby stopping travel in favor of greater height.}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Boneless:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   a description of the type of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404091317/http://www.tricktheory.com/transitions_basic/sequential/sequential-vanish/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 vanish}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  pplied when transitioning from a hyper landing into a cork without changing the line of momentum.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404091317/http://www.tricktheory.com/deeper-understandings-2/vanish/vanish-4/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Advanced}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Bound:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \~ The secondary form of all Unified transitions.  bound follows the pattern of a unified transition, but has an extra adjustment step between the landing and takeoff. (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404091317/http://www.tricktheory.com/transitions_basic/singular/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Beginner}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \~/ }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404091317/http://www.tricktheory.com/deeper-understandings-2/transitional-mastery/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 dvanced}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Carrythrough:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \~ The secondary form of the swingthrough transition.  carrythrough is any swingthrough performed with an extra pivot, or stance change.\~ For many, this is synonymous with a frontswing, though this has been largely discredited. (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404091317/http://www.tricktheory.com/transitions_basic/singular/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Beginner}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \~/ }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404091317/http://www.tricktheory.com/deeper-understandings-2/transitional-mastery/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 advanced}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Chamber:\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The act of preparing a kick before execution.\~This is generally seen as lifting the knee before the extension.}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Cheat (Takeoff):  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  method of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404091317/http://www.tricktheory.com/basicterms/basicvert/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 takeoff}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \~where the performer lifts their outside kicking leg while pivoting up to 180 degrees in the direction of their typical rotation, and somewhat emulates a spinning hook kick. This takeoff can be performed from either backside or frontside stances, but is most commonly seen starting in frontside.\~This takeoff is commonly referred to as a wraptakeoff when performed from a backside stance.}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Crowd Awakener (CA):  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  side split, or straddled\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404091317/http://www.tricktheory.com/vert-kick-basics-5/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 variation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \~in which two inverted round kicks are performed In practice however, most circumstances where a wide straddle is achieved will still bare the name, regardless of actual kicks performed.}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Combo:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  \~Multiple tricks or movements completed in succession.}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Complete (Stance):\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The most common landing position from the invert axis that typically lands on the performer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s outside kicking leg, with the performer\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s momentum pulling backward. \u194\'C2\~This stance allows the performer to typically swing through into a backswing motion. \u194\'C2\~This is the marker at which twisting tricks are measured as single, double, triple, etc. and is almost never named.\u194\'C2\~ (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404091317/http://www.tricktheory.com/landings/invert-landings-basic/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Beginner}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \~/ }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404091317/http://www.tricktheory.com/deeper-understandings-2/invert-landings/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 dvanced}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Cutter:\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   nod to the Boxcutter, this suffix is generally used on an inverted axis in place of the term\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404091317/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Hyper-Hook}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 , and can be considered slang.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Cyclone:\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   term used almost exclusively in TKT, it is a\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404091317/http://www.tricktheory.com/vert-kick-basics-5/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 variation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~where the performer executes an outside kick followed by 360 degrees of rotation (Hyper + Half Gyro), and another outside kick. \u194\'C2\~In mainstream terminology, a cyclone is a \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u339\'9Cdouble\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u65533\'3F kicking\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404091317/http://www.tricktheory.com/vert-kick-basics-5/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 variation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~with hook kicks.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Darkside: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The opposite side, or doing a trick with the opposite direction of spin from normal. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~It is somewhat uncommon for trickers to utilize both sides, or directions of spin, so tricks done on the non-dominant orientation are referred to as being darksided.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Double Leg (Dleg): \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Both a unique trick and a\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404091317/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 variation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~type, or position in the air, it is modeled after the Armada Dupla from capoeira, and can be described as gymnastics pike position while twisting.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Double (Kicking): \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 This\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404091317/http://www.tricktheory.com/vert-kick-basics-5/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 variation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~is most often associated with any kick followed by 360 degrees of rotation (Hyper + Half Gyro) and another of the same kick.  nother more rare variation has two of the same kick on a target with no rotation performed between them. \u194\'C2\~Technically, anytime two kicks are delivered in-air it can be called a double, but there is usually a more appropriate suffix to use. \u194\'C2\~In mainstream terminology, the name of the trick begins with the highest rotation and ends with the \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8412\'3Fdouble\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99 suffix. \u194\'C2\~For example: \~pop-720-double.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Double (Twisting):  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 ny inverted trick with two twists around the vertical axis ending at the complete landing position.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Dub:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~  slang term for a double twist. \u194\'C2\~Occasionally this term will be thrown around for vert kicks as well, but its most common usage refers to inverted tricks.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Eagle:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~  slang term for the starting position utilized for backswings. \u194\'C2\~It is characterized by the swing leg lifted behind the body and the arms back.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Envergado:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~  fully inverted parafuso.  nother way to look at this trick is as an inverted raiz into a double leg. \u194\'C2\~The \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8412\'3Fenver\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99 prefix can be used to note an envergado followed by a\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404091317/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 variation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~suffix, such as enver-snapu:  nd envergado followed by a full twist.\tab \bullet \tab }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Fake (Landing Stances):\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ Terms coined by Ben Atkins to describe an atypical landing position.\u194\'C2\~ (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190323224458/http://www.tricktheory.com/deeper-understandings-2/invert-landings/fake-stances/"}{\fldrslt\f3\fs24\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Discussed Here}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Fei Long:  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 n in-air kicking combination in which an outside kick is followed by 180 degrees of rotation and an inside kick to the same target. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~Generally this is done with crescent kicks, as they allow the hips to stay open and more freely execute both kicks. \u194\'C2\~This is both a specific vert kick, as well as a variation type on both the vertical and inverted axis.\u194\'C2\~ (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190323224458/http://www.tricktheory.com/vert-kick-basics-5/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Vert}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~/\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190323224458/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Invert}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Fei Long Cross:  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  specific variation of the Fei Long in which a hook and round are used.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Feint:\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   faked kick. Most often, this means a vert kick is performed and the kick is only chambered, but never extended. The term \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8412\'3FFake\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99 is often used to mean the same thing.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Feiwrong:  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  suffix used almost exclusively in TKT to note a true-hyper outside kick landing in a backside stance.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Flagella:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ n old slang term for a round kick followed by a missleg transition into a btwist or aerial.\u194\'C2\~ Contemporary wisdom argues this transition is actually a swingthrough that utilizes a frontswing, and not a missleg as it has been traditionally understood to be.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Flamingo: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Similar to the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8412\'3Feagle\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99 position, but in reverse. \u194\'C2\~The flamingo is the starting position for a frontswing and is characterized by the swinging leg extended in front of the body and the arms raised up, ready to be swung backward.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Gainer: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Unlike traditional gymnastics, the tricking gainer does not require forward motion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~It is simply a backflip performed from one leg, generally from a swing takeoff. \u194\'C2\~This term is often used casually to refer to both the gainer-flash kick, and the gainer-switch, allowing for context to imply which is being used. \u194\'C2\~The gainer prefix is usually used to note a swing takeoff into an inverted trick.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 GC:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  \~Generic Combo. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~This is a relatively uncommon term that came about in reply to the prevalent use of the \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8412\'3FOC\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99, or Original Combo, term to describe combos that lack any real imagination or creativity. \u194\'C2\~Simply put, GC\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s have been done so often by so many people that they are almost compulsory routines.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Grab: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Similar to board sports, it is simply the act of grabbing a part of the body, generally the leg or feet, with the hand.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Grandmaster:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~  trick performed from a master swing where the hands do not touch the ground. \u194\'C2\~For example, a masterswipe without landing on the hands becomes a grandmasterswipe.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Gyro: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Both a specific and general term for an added\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190323224458/http://www.tricktheory.com/vert-kick-basics-5/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 360 degree spin}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~or twist after a kick. \u194\'C2\~Gyro is generally used for vertical tricks, and implies that the extra rotation occurs with the performer upright, after a hyper. \u194\'C2\~It is not uncommon for some people to also use the gyro tag to describe a vertical twist\u194\'C2\~on the way down\u194\'C2\~from inverted tricks as well. \u194\'C2\~Within the vert kicking realm, Gyro can also be divided into Half-Gyro, for 180 degree rotations after a hyper. \u194\'C2\~Many mainstream (terminology) users do not use specific rotational degrees, nor the term Half-Gyro, allowing any substantial rotation near 360 degrees post-kick to bare the Gyro suffix.  mong TKT users, a true hyper-gyro is 540 degrees of rotation after a kick (180 for the hyper + 360 for the gyro).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Gyroknife:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~  specific trick, and a type of\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190323224458/http://www.tricktheory.com/vert-kick-basics-5/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 variation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~on the knife pattern, gyroknifes have an entire 540 degrees of rotation (Hyper + Gyro) between the inside kick and outside kick, rather than the standard 180 degrees.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Half-Gyro: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 See Gyro. An additional\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190323224458/http://www.tricktheory.com/vert-kick-basics-5/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 180 degrees}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~of rotation after a hyper.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Hawkeye:  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  variation in which any inside kick is replaced with a hook kick. This is often looked at as a darkside hook kick because the leg performing it is usually used exclusively for inside kicking.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Hook Kick:\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   traditional martial arts hook kick. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~There are many ways to perform this kick, but the general guideline is that the foot is turned horizontally upon striking its target. \u194\'C2\~The contact point, traditionally, is the heel of the foot. \u194\'C2\~This is often done by using the back of the heel, just below the achilles tendon.  nother way is to point the toe, and strike with either the bottom of the heel, or the entire bottom of the foot. \u194\'C2\~Trickers often adopt the pointed toe to add length and greater aesthetic value.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Hyper (General):}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  \~Originally, hyper was used to note the over-rotation of a trick, and landing on the opposite foot. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~While this understanding still persists, it is widely becoming understood to be more specific than this, and further disambiguated.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Hyper (Stance):\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   landing position on the invert axis where the performer rotates past the complete position, and lands on their inside kicking leg, with the performer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s momentum pulling backward or toward their inside flipping shoulder. \u194\'C2\~This position typically allows the performer to wrapthrough, or\u194\'C2\~swingthrough into masterswings.\u194\'C2\~ (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190323224458/http://www.tricktheory.com/landings/invert-landings-basic/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Beginner}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~/ }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190323224458/http://www.tricktheory.com/deeper-understandings-2/invert-landings/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 dvanced}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Hyper (Vert):}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ This generally means to\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190323224458/http://www.tricktheory.com/basicterms/basicvert/vert-kick-basics/vert-kick-basics-3/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 land on the kicking leg}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~In the TKT system, this term is specifically a 180 degree rotation after a kick, landing on both feet simultaneously. \u194\'C2\~This term can also be, and often is, used as a blanket term, allowing the following transitional tag to express the difference between a Hyper (TKT) landing, and a True-Hyper landing.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Hyper-Hook: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190323224458/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 variation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~used on the invert axis, this suffix means that the trick was taken to the hyper landing, and an additional hook kick was executed before landing. \u194\'C2\~This term is occasionally used similarly in vert kicking, but is generally a misnomer, as other suffixes generally apply better. \u194\'C2\~Hyperhook is also a proper name for a Btwist Hyper-Hook.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Hyper-Style (Vert): }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190323224458/http://www.tricktheory.com/basicterms/basicvert/vert-kick-basics/vert-kick-basics-3/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 landing}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~in which 180 degrees of rotation is performed after a vertical kick, but the non-kicking landing leg is still used. \u194\'C2\~This is a term used mostly within TKT, and rarely heard in mainstream terminology.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Inside Crescent Kick:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  \~Similar to the round kick, but generally done with a straight leg. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~The key difference is that the foot stays vertical throughout this kick, and strikes with the inside edge, and arch of the foot.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Inside Flip:  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  term used almost exclusively in TKT, the inside flip is a side flip toward the direction the performer twists, and is often performed from an inside stance.   right twister would inside flip over their right shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~The inside flip is considered the base flip for the Tak axis, as well as the master swing.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Inside Kick:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~  generic term usually referring to either a round, or inside crescent kick.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Inside Stance:  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  stance between frontside and backside where the performer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s hips face squarely toward the target. \u194\'C2\~It is not uncommon for some trickers to adopt the inside stance as their backside stance, and is commonly accepted as such in combos.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Invert:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  \~The act of flipping within a trick. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~In order to be a true inverted trick, the hips must reach a point higher than the performer\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s head during the trick. \u194\'C2\~In general, tricks reaching approximately horizontal orientation, or where the hips are level with the performer\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s head, are often considered inverted tricks.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Jackknife:  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 n\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190323224458/http://www.tricktheory.com/vert-kick-basics-5/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 in-air kicking combination}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~in which an inside kick is followed by 180 degrees of rotation and an outside kick to the same target. \u194\'C2\~Generally this is done with a round kick followed by a hook kick. \u194\'C2\~The round is often preferred because it more freely snaps the hips over, allowing the hook to follow.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 J Step:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~  common setup used for swinging tricks. \u194\'C2\~The performer steps for ward with a variable number of steps, usually two.  s they step with their final step onto the outside leg, the foot is turned 90 degrees outward, and the trailing leg is swung through. \u194\'C2\~The turn creates a \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8412\'3FJ\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99 pattern on the ground, and initiates a torque in the hips as they turn to square themselves, increasing\u194\'C2\~power on the swing.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Jujimufu (Juji):}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ The owner and operator of Trickstutorials, an early and extremely influential tricking website.\u194\'C2\~ Trickstutorials is arguably the most influential tricking site ever, and can credited with birthing, or at least fostering, the early careers of many of the greatest trickers of all time.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Katana (Vert):  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404092614/http://www.tricktheory.com/landings/hypers/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 True-Hyper}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~inside kick. \u194\'C2\~This term is used almost exclusively in TKT communities and is almost never used by mainstream users.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Knife:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ See Jackknife, and Swipe Knife.\u194\'C2\~ This\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404092614/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 suffix}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~is generally added to both inverted tricks and vertical kicks, and implies either a hypered inside kick or swipe was performed at some point, and that the trick will land with an additional hook.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Kyro:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  ny hyper-hook followed by an additional twist or gyro. In terms of the use of this\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404092614/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 suffix}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 , the hyper-hook is implied and should not be named. For example: \~boxcutter-twist = cork kyro, not boxcutter-kyro.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 K}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \~}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Step:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~  term generally used to describe a variation of the cheat takeoff where a slight stutter, or double pivot, is created on the base leg. \u194\'C2\~This form of the cheat takeoff is popular among the Korean trickers and as such was dubbed the \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8412\'3FK step\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99, or \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8412\'3FKorean Step\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Landing Stance:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  \~The position in which a trick terminates. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~For both\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404092614/http://www.tricktheory.com/landings/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 vertical and inverted}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~tricks there are a multitude of possible positions, each carrying their own transitional possibilities.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Late- :}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404092614/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 variation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~usually followed by a number implying a kick type in mainstream terminology, this is characterized by large over rotation on the invert axis, ending in either mega with an inside kick, or more rarely by changing axis to twist vertically into n outside kick. \u194\'C2\~The numeric value assigned to the \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u339\'9Clate\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u65533\'3F tag corresponds to vertical backside kick using mainstream terminology. \u194\'C2\~This means that single-mega skills are assigned the title \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u339\'9CLate9\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u65533\'3F, \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u339\'9CLate 900\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u65533\'3F, or \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u339\'9CLate-round\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u65533\'3F because their total rotation, not counting the flip, approximately corresponds to the backside900.  \u8364\'80\u339\'9CLate\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u65533\'3F hook tricks will use the corresponding hook vert kick numbers, such as 720 or 1080.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Mainstream (Terminology): \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The most common language and set of terms used by trickers.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ Many of the names date back to the origins of tricking and sport karate circuits of the 1990\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s. \u194\'C2\~Mainstream terminology is more or less an oral tradition. \u194\'C2\~Many definitions and concepts can be deduced from common usage and older sites, but there is no central location or formal standardization. \u194\'C2\~It is a loose system with varying perspectives and opinions.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Master:  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 lso referred to as a masterswing, is a\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~swing takeoff where the performer\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s leading leg is elevated and swings inward, closing the legs and initiating an inside flip. \u194\'C2\~Tricks involving a master swing tend to bare the prefix \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8412\'3Fmaster\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99, or \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8412\'3Fgrandmaster\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99. \u194\'C2\~The difference between the master and grandmaster is simply whether or not the performer\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s hands touch during the trick. \u194\'C2\~In a master- trick, the performer will land on their hands before finishing the trick, where a grandmaster trick is completed entirely in the air.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Mega (Stance):\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   landing position on the invert axis where the performer rotates past the hyper position and lands on the outside kicking leg, with their momentum pulling them forward or toward their inside flipping shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~This stance is 180 degrees past the complete landing stance, and can be looked at as a half rotation. \u194\'C2\~Mega landings allow the performer to swingthrough into frontswing, aerial, and btwist axis tricks.\u194\'C2\~ (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404092614/http://www.tricktheory.com/landings/invert-landings-basic/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Basic}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~/ }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404092614/http://www.tricktheory.com/deeper-understandings-2/invert-landings/mega/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 dvanced}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Mega-Round:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  \~See Late-.  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404092614/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 suffix}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~used to describe landing a trick in the mega position with a round kick. \u194\'C2\~This is more commonly referred to as a \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8412\'3FLate\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99 round.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Missleg:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   singular transition in which the in-air leg rebounds into the next trick.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ It could be said that the leg literally misses the ground, and changes its path to create takeoff.\u194\'C2\~ (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404092614/http://www.tricktheory.com/transitions_basic/singular/singular-missleg/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Basic}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~/ }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404092614/http://www.tricktheory.com/deeper-understandings-2/missleg/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 dvanced}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Momentum Line:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ The imaginary line created by a tricker as they travel during a combo. \u194\'C2\~The momentum line is generally perpendicular to the target both in practice and in theory. \u194\'C2\~Using the cardinal directions of a compass, if the target is designated as North, the momentum line will generally be described as East to West for left\u194\'C2\~twisters, or West to East for right\u194\'C2\~twisters.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Murder:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   name describing a swingthrough where the swinging leg was grabbed in the previous trick, and held throughout the transition.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ For example, when doing a cork-rodeo, landed holding the rodeo grab, and swung into another cork, the second cork would be described as a murder cork.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 NASKA:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  \~The North American Sport Karate Association. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~NASKA is one of the oldest, most prestigious sport karate leagues, and is one of the birth places of many of the tricks found in tricking today, as well as its early practitioners.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 OC:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  \~Original Combo. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~The \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8412\'3FOC\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99 is a slang term used to note any combo with a particularly high degree of originality, creativity, and often technicality.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Outside Crescent Kick:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ Similar to the hook kick, but generally done with a straight leg. The key difference is that the foot stays vertical, or toes facing up, throughout this kick, and strikes with the outside edge of the foot, also known as the blade of the foot.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Outside Flip:\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   term used almost exclusively in TKT, the outside flip is a side flip in the opposite direction of the performer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s twisting direction, and is performed from an outside stance.   right twister would flip over their left shoulder. \u194\'C2\~The outside flip is considered the base flip for the raiz axis.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Outside Kick:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~  generic term usually referring to either a hook, or outside crescent kick.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Outside Stance:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~  stance between backside and frontside where the performer\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s hips face away from the target. \u194\'C2\~It is very common to see trickers adopt the outside stance as their frontside stance, particularly when taking off for vert kicks.}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \tab \bullet \tab }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Parafuso (Para-):  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 nother form of the\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/vert-kick-basics-5/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 double leg}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 , the parafuso can be described as a cheat takeoff into a double leg where the legs come together on the target. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~It is not uncommon to see \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8412\'3Fpara\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99 used as a prefix to describe any double leg variation on both the vertical and inverted axis.  rguably this can become a misnomer, but it is generally acceptable to do so.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Peter Pan:  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  variation, or position taken during a trick, in which the performer places both fists on their hips, with their elbows wide, similar to the stance taken by Peter Pan in the animated Disney movie.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Pizzaboy:  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 variation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~similar to a scissor or helicoptero, Pizzaboys have been described as a \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u339\'9Cflashkick swing tornado kick\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u65533\'3F in the air before landing.\u194\'C2\~ The pizzaboy completes the flashkick or swipe before transitioning to the tornado, and can be added to any move with a swipe or flash kick motion. nother way to describe it is that it is a swipe or flash followed by a late/mega-round.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Pop:\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u194\'C2\~ }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  method of takeoff where the performer jumps with both feet simultaneously, and can be performed from either frontside or backside stances. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~Pop is also the name of a transition\u194\'C2\~where a sequential landing is followed by a unified landing. \u194\'C2\~Simply put, a pop transition is landing on one foot, then the next, but taking off into the next trick with both feet at the same time.\u194\'C2\~ ( Transition: \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/transitions_basic/unified/unified-pop/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Basic}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~/ }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/deeper-understandings-2/transitional-mastery/pop/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 dvanced}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Pump:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~  term used to describe the lifting of the knee, as if chambering, during the rotation of vert kick. \u194\'C2\~This usually means the non-kicking leg will be pumped prior to extending the kick with the opposite leg, and can be used as a precursor to a multi-kick variation.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Punch:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   unified transition that connects a unified landing to a unified takeoff.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ For most trickers, this is synonymous with a powerful stomp into the ground to create rebound.\u194\'C2\~ (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/transitions_basic/unified/unified-punch/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Basic}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~/ }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/deeper-understandings-2/transitional-mastery/punch/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 dvanced}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Rapid:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ The secondary form of the missleg transition.\u194\'C2\~ This is most easily understood to be a one legged punch.\u194\'C2\~ (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/transitions_basic/singular/singular-rapid/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Basic}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~/ }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/deeper-understandings-2/rapid/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 dvanced}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Rechamber: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \~The act of bending the knee after a kick has been performed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~This allows greater control upon landing as well as the ability to kick again more efficiently and powerfully.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Recycle:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   slang term for a master swing, typically from a hook kick, into a vert kick.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ Essentially, this allows swings into backside kicks without the need to pivot.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Redirect: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \~The secondary form of a reversal transition.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ Redirect transitions land sequentially, followed by an adjustment step, and takeoff in the reverse sequence from their landing.\u194\'C2\~ (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/transitions_basic/sequential/sequential-redirect/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Basic}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~/ }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/deeper-understandings-2/transitional-mastery/redirect/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 dvanced}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Reversal:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   sequential transition where the sequence of landing and takeoff are reversed.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/transitions_basic/sequential/sequential-reversal/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Basic}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~/ }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/deeper-understandings-2/reversal/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 dvanced}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Reverse:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  n older term used to describe traveling backward into a trick, or a trick that doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99t usually have backward travel performed with it.\u194\'C2\~ This term is largely forgotten and is often instead used to describe a reversal transition.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Reverse Pop:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   unified transition that follows the reversed sequence of a pop transition.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ Reverse pops are a unified landing followed by a sequential takeoff.\u194\'C2\~ (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/transitions_basic/unified/unified-reverse-pop/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Basic}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~/ }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/deeper-understandings-2/reverse-pop/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 dvanced}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Rocket Boy:  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  distinct trick as well as\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~position, or\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 variation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 , where the performer reaches down in a piked position and grabs the opposite ankle with their hand while the other arm reaches high above the head during an inverted trick.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Rodeo:  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  position in which the performer reaches back and grabs their ankle. This is generally accompanied by pushing forward with the hips and arching the back to further emphasize the position.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Round Kick:  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  traditional martial arts roundhouse kick. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~There are many ways to perform this kick, but the general guideline is that the foot is turned horizontally upon striking its target. \u194\'C2\~The contact point, traditionally, is the ball of the foot, or with a pointed toe is anywhere from the top of the foot to the middle of the shin. \u194\'C2\~It is common for trickers to use a pointed toe for this kick to add length and greater aesthetic value.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 -Round (Variation): }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 variation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~where a complete rotation is made on the invert axis, followed by a round kick to target. \u194\'C2\~For example, a cork ending in a round kick is called a cork-round.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Safari:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ See Rocket Boy.\u194\'C2\~ Similar to the Rocket Boy, but utilizing a shuriken (variation), rather than a pike, or double leg.\u194\'C2\~ The arm opposite from the kicking leg should make the grab to create the proper twisted position.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Scissor:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~  slang term for\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 scissorswipe}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 , but arguably less ambiguous. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~This term is quickly taking the place of Scissorswipe within the community.\u194\'C2\~ Scissors are twist kicks, or \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u339\'9Cinside round\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u65533\'3F kicks performed with the inside kicking leg, and typically land mega.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Scissorswipe:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 variation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~on the martial arts scissor kick in which an outside kick or side kick is performed simultaneously with an inverted round kick, or twist kick, with the other leg. This variation is most often applied to invert tricks. Within the tricking community, the only emphasis is on the twist kick, or inverted round. \u194\'C2\~There is a growing movement to drop the \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8412\'3Fswipe\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99 from this name as there is no traditional \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8412\'3Fswipe\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99 involved.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Seagull:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  \~Similar to the Eagle and Flamingo positions, this is the slang term for the starting position of the master swing.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Semi- (Stance):  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  landing position on the invert axis where the performer rotates past the mega position and lands on the inside kicking leg, with their momentum pulling them forward or toward their outside flipping shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~This stance is 180 degrees past the hyper position, and can be looked at as a half rotation. \u194\'C2\~Semi landings allow the performer to swingthrough into frontswing, raiz axis tricks.\u194\'C2\~ (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/landings/invert-landings-basic/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Basic}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~/ }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/deeper-understandings-2/invert-landings/semi/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 dvanced}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Sequential:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ This term describes a landing or takeoff where the feet land one at a time.\u194\'C2\~ When used to describe transitions, it means that both the landing and takeoff occurs one foot at a time.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Shuriken (Variation):  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 variation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~type on the invert axis where an outside kick is performed while twisting, followed by landing on the kicking leg in the complete stance.  t higher rotations, further twisting can be performed after the kick and still retain the shuriken tag.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Shuriken (Vert):  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/landings/hypers/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 True-Hyper}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~outside kick. \u194\'C2\~This term is used almost exclusively in TKT communities and is almost never used by mainstream users. \u194\'C2\~Shuriken (Variation) is also a type of variation on the invert axis.  s a type of variation, the term is used widely in both mainstream and TKT.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Shuriku:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   modern slang term for shuriken-twist.  double twisting\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 variation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~where a shuriken is executed in the first twist.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Single (Twisting):  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 ny inverted trick with one twist around the vertical axis, ending at the complete landing position.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Singular:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ This term describes a transition in which only one leg ever lands.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Skip:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ The secondary form of a vanish transition in which both feet never touch the floor at the same time.\u194\'C2\~ (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/transitions_basic/sequential/sequential-skip/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Basic}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~/ }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/deeper-understandings-2/skip/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 dvanced}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Snapu: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Taken from the snapuswipe, this is any\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 variation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~where a swipe is followed by a full twist. \u194\'C2\~In terms of the use of this suffix, the swipe is implied and does not need to be named. For example, a\u194\'C2\~full-swipe + twist is a full snapu. \u194\'C2\~Like several other variations, the name of the original trick, the snapuswipe, is starting to be\u194\'C2\~shortened to snapu by many members of the community because there is no swipe at the end, as is implied.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Squirrel: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 See Rodeo.  rguably not a distinctly different variation from the rodeo grab, the performer reaches for, but never actually grabs, their ankle.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Stepover (Takeoff): \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 See Swing (Takeoff).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Swing (Takeoff):  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  method of\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/basicterms/basicvert/vert-kick-basics/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 takeoff}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~where the performer lifts their inside kicking leg while pivoting up to 180 degrees in the direction of their typical rotation. \u194\'C2\~This takeoff can be used from either frontside (by swinging the leg away from the target) or, more commonly, backside stance (by swinging toward the target). \u194\'C2\~This takeoff is also often referred to as a Stepover.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Swingthrough:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   singular transition in which the in-air leg travels in an unobstructed linear fashion directly into the next takeoff.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/transitions_basic/singular/singular-swingthrough/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Basic}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~/ }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/transitions_basic/singular/singular-swingthrough/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 dvanced}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Swipe:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 true-hyper inside kick}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 , generally a round kick, performed while on an inverted axis. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~The target is generally high in the air, often directly above the performer.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Swipe Knife:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  \~See Jackknife and Swipe. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~The Swipe Knife\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 suffix}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~is added to inverted tricks, not vertical kicks. \u194\'C2\~It is similar to a Jackknife, but because it occurs in an inverted trick, it substitutes a swipe in place of an inside kick. \u194\'C2\~This is both a specific inverted trick, as well as a variation type on any inverted axis.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 TKT (True Kick Terminology):  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  systemized approach to the study of tricking, founded by Dan Perez DeTejada. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~This system is widely known for naming kicks by their true rotational values. \u194\'C2\~TKT is often synonymous with the }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.aeriformmat.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 eriform}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~system which is known for its systemized break down of all parts of tricking, from takeoffs and landings, to transitional definitions, and beyond.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Tornado (Kick):}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ One of the most basic kicks, and often the first kick trick people learn.  tornado kick is a cheat takeoff followed by 180 degrees of in-air rotation, and a round kick.\u194\'C2\~ In TKT, this is written as a cheat-360-round.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Transition: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \~The method of connecting 2 tricks in a combo. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~Transitions are broken into\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/transitions_basic/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 several types}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~based on the sequence of landing one trick and taking off into the next. \u194\'C2\~Tricks such as scoots and cartwheels are not transitions, although they are occasionally incorrectly labeled as such.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Triple (Kicking): \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 This is most often associated with three consecutive, alternating kicks to the target while spinning. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~Technically anytime three kicks are delivered in-air it can be considered a triple, but there is usually a more specific set of suffixes to use.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Triple (Twisting):  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 ny inverted trick with three twists around the vertical axis ending at the complete landing position.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 True-Hyper (Vert):}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190403220839/http://www.tricktheory.com/landings/hypers/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 landing}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~in which 180 degrees of rotation is performed after a vertical kick that lands on the kicking leg. \u194\'C2\~This specific term is used almost exclusively within the TKT community, and implied by the term Hyper among most mainstream (terminology) users. \u194\'C2\~See also Katana (Vert) and Shuriken (Vert).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Tsunami (Kick):}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ More widely known as a stepover-hook, The tsunami name is a slang term used in the TKT and Cinematic/Hyper Tricking systems.\u194\'C2\~ The tsunami is a swing takeoff, followed by 180 degrees of in-air rotation, and a hook kick.\u194\'C2\~ In TKT this is also written as a swing-360-hook.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Turbo (Landing):}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   two footed landing.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ This term is relatively uncommon, but gaining in popularity.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Twist:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ For the purpose of this site, twist will always describe rotation on the vertical axis during an inverted trick. \u194\'C2\~It is not uncommon for people to refer to any rotation on the vertical axis as twist, regardless of the performer\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s orientation.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Unified:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ This term describes landings and takeoffs as using both feet simultaneously.\u194\'C2\~ When used to describe a\u194\'C2\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404102726/http://www.tricktheory.com/transitions_basic/unified/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 transition}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 , it means that either the landing, takeoff, or both the landing and takeoff of the transition uses both feet simultaneously.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Vanish:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   sequential transition in which the landing and takeoff follow the same sequence.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ Vanish can be likened to walking.\u194\'C2\~ (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404102726/http://www.tricktheory.com/transitions_basic/sequential/sequential-vanish/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Basic}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~/ }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404102726/http://www.tricktheory.com/deeper-understandings-2/vanish/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 dvanced}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Variation:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  \~Performing any trick in a way that deviates from its base skill. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~This often means the addition of a kick or grab, or a specific alteration of the movement to enhance the aesthetic.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Vert Kick:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   kick delivered with no major degree of inversion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~The performer stays upright throughout the entire trick.\u194\'C2\~ (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404102726/http://www.tricktheory.com/basicterms/basicvert/vert-kick-basics/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Vert Basics}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 WackKnife: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404102726/http://www.tricktheory.com/landings/hypers/vert-hypers-2/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 variation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~on the Jackknife where the rotation between the first and second kicks is removed. \u194\'C2\~Upon hitting the target with an inside kick, the performer rechambers the kick while simultaneously chambering and executing the outside kick to the same target. \u194\'C2\~This is almost always accomplished by using inside and outside crescent kicks which allow the hips to to stay open and fixed while the legs are in motion. \u194\'C2\~This is both a specific vert kick, as well as a variation type on both the vertical and inverted axis. \u194\'C2\~In some versions of TKT, the wackknife suffix is used to note a true-hyper inside kick that lands in a frontside stance.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Whirlwind:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~  variation on the Fei Long pattern, where the performer spin an entire 540 degrees of rotation (Hyper + Gyro) between the outside kick and inside kick, rather than the standard 180 degrees. \u194\'C2\~This term is almost exclusive to TKT users.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Windex (Windex Swipe):}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   slang term for a raiz hyper-hook.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ Commonly understood as a swipeknife without a swipe. s such, many trickers choose to shorten the term to simply Windex, to avoid any confusion.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Wrap:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  lso known as wrapthrough, the wrap has many meanings. s a transition, wraps are a often understood as a swingthrough into a sideflip.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~ The wrap term is also used in vert kicking to describe a cheat takeoff from backside stance, as well as to describe typical cheat takeoffs that rotate on the ground past what is typically accepted. This term is not without controversy, though it is widely used and accepted within the community.\~ (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404102726/http://www.tricktheory.com/transitions_basic/singular/singular-wrap/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Basic}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 / a}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404102726/http://www.tricktheory.com/deeper-understandings-2/transitional-mastery/wrap/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 dvanced}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 )}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 X-Out (X):}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4   \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20190404102726/http://www.tricktheory.com/twists-basic/twists-basic-7/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 variation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  and position in which both legs are kicked out into a straddle position in-air. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~This variation is generally reserved for inverted tricks.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Zoot:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  \~Related to getting high, generally from marijuana or dabs.}}