{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab We spend so much of our lives learning how to label and categorize things into distinct little boxes. Each category an organized set that has things that go in it and things that dont. Each label giving us some word with an associated description of what its referring to. We take all these labels and the categories they fit within and use them to build up a model of the world. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab This model we are building is always an approximation. A reference to the way things were "the last time we checked". It contains only the things we have encountered in it. Only the things we thought were necessary to build a sufficient model to move through the world. We do this is because dealing with everything the world has to throw at us at one point would be overwhelming. So we use these models to orient ourselves towards reality in a way that we can map ourselves to it accurately enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab In doing so we are constantly throwing out information, reducing and simplifying extremely concept things in the world down to often single words or short phases in order to talk}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  and think}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  about them. This is extremely useful when we want to have a conversation. Having broad strokes to paint the world with allows us to quickly know which categories we can ignore when we are trying to solve some problem. Which when you reduce it down is fundamentally all we do as humans. We solve problems. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab The issue with this is the fact that we do it so often that its easy for us to forget that these models we have built up about the world are lacking. They are old versions of the way the world was, not the way it is, and is becoming. Reality is an ever changing system that only really "patterns" its processes. Our models are really only close enough for us to make decent predictions. Those predictions becoming more accurate the more often we are making updates to those models and adding new information into the categories and labels we are using. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab This process of modeling is one that typically goes on in the background rarely having our attention turned directly upon it. Tricking puts us in a position where the models we are building are constantly out of date as each attempt brings a new variable into the equation. Our attention is forced upon this breakdown of model to reality. Patterns of behavior that we had previously used to model the world are not accurate enough for us to enact what we are attempting. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Having our attention turned upon this process allows us to adjust how we are creating these models rather than letting them automatically update themselves based on our experiences. When we take part in this process we have the control. We can influence our patterns of reaction in different ways. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Typically in our automatic processing of this model our behaviors become ingrained without us noticing. We end up missing out on so much of the reality we just confronted. When we take this process into our own hands however, we are exploring more of what we encountered. Picking and choosing for ourselves which pieces of information are actually relevant for us on the next attempt. This means we have to figure out ourselves which information is actually relevant. It's a difficult process. One that can be quite frustrating at times. However when we do finally get that model tweaked the way we need it, something amazing happens. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab The feedback loop we create is one that is constantly monitoring itself, not passively, but with an active reflection stage. Each time we make an attempt we take a careful stock of what just happened and how far off it was from what our goal was. We then take these points and try to come up with the quickest route to get us from where we are to where we are trying to go. Identifying which elements are currently preventing us from progressing towards this ideal. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab }}