{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Communitas - the sense of sharing and intimacy that develops among persons who experience liminality as a group. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Communitas - the very spirit of community, and intesnes community spirit, the feeling of greate social equality, solidarity, and togetherness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Liminality - the transitional period or phase of a rite of passage, during which the participant lacks social status or rank, remains anonymous, shows obedience and humility, and follows prescribed forms of conduct, dress, etc.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Liminality - a transition state, often between major life stages.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 To speak of community would only scratch the surface. This group is far more than a collection of people with some common interests. To borrow a more loaded term from the cultural anthropologists we can describe Trickers as having a shared communitas. Communitas here referring to a deeper intimacy and understanding that community members develop after having gone through rites of passage within the culture. This is the very spirit of community, the feeling of intense social solidarity and togetherness, ultimately the recognition of self in other. This communitas is something that develops as a byproduct of the required personal investment and transformation required to be admitted into the culture. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 It takes a certain type of person to be able to overcome the challenging and often scary task of trying to learn to Trick. For those who do start to pick this thing up and explore its possibilities there is something that is universally recognized by the other members. This acknowledgment that these other people went through some challenge similar  to ours gives us a sense of shared respect and also that they know something about us that other \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93non-trickers\u8221\'94 simply don\u8217\'92t. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 It is that sentiment that lies at the core of the excitement that gets shared when someone lands something for the first time. Everyone in the room will often rush the person to tackle them and shower them in accolades. This very intense recognition of the journey that person was on to acquire the new skill and the battle that they had to overcome to achieve it. Even if the Tricker is an elite level they will see someones first Tornado Kick and B-Kick and the excitement on their face and remember what it was like for them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 This Communitas is especially heightened }}