{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 As we mentioned briefly in the Glimpse of the Past section gatherings originated in the Martial Arts Community. Initially the majority of people who were doing Tricks were also competitors at various Martial Arts competitions. It was at these competitions that the early Trickers would begin to find other people who were doing the same kind of weird movements they were. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The people who had found the online community at Bilang.com would use the forums there to let people know which competitions they would be at so they could link up for a session. Most of the sessions would take place on whatever area wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t being used for a competition currently and a group would form. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t long before the backyard tricker\u8217\'92s would start showing up at these events to meet their Tricking friends they had found online. The environment at a martial arts competition isn\u8217\'92t really designed to have a bunch of non-martial artists come in and train. In response to this and as their was a growing desire from the non-martial arts based trickers to link up, some people held the Toronto Gathering in 2003. Based on my research this was the first Gathering that led to what we think of today. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 As the online community of Trickers migrated to Tricks Tutorials in the mid 2000s there was more of a desire than ever for in real life meet ups to train and hang out. Given in the early days there were so few Trickers, the idea of meeting up with other people who had the same obsession as us was something special. Most people didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a local community of people they were training with. Or if they did it was only one or two other people that they had started with. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 These Gatherings began with someone just saying that they were willing to host some people and find a gym to train at. They would often just go to the normal open gym sessions and spend most of the weekend hanging out at someones house or going on random adventures. These were often just a small group of people. 5-15 typically, it was nothing like the gatherings of today.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 As time went on, and people developed better relationships with the gyms they trained at, the gatherings that would take place would grow both in number of people as well as access to the facilities. Around the late 2000s the standard was to have access to a gym for a majority of the weekend, often sleeping in the gym overnight and being able to train the whole time. With attendance up into the 50-100 people range.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 At this point a gathering was less of a weekend get together and more of a transportation into a different world. Where for 48-72 hours the only thing that mattered was Tricking and maybe some food. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d show up to the gym, stash your things in a corner somewhere and go get lost in a sea of people that were all screaming because someone landed something cool. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 For many of us the first time we go to a gathering it is a bit of an overwhelming experience. We enter into a room full of strangers, but they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel like strangers. There are people from all over the country, sometimes from all over the world that all traveled to this one location to share something that they love. Which is the same thing we love, Tricking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 This is often the first time we are in a room with this many people that have heard about Tricking, let alone know how to do Tricks. For the first time we finally feel like we are surrounded by people that will understand us and our obsession with Tricking.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 We will often see the most talented people that we had been watching online, there in the flesh. Being able to talk to, and train with the best of the best, is invaluable. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s common for people to think that those that excel at a particular thing are completely different from us. That those people who are the best have something that we just don\u8217\'92t, and maybe there is something special about them. However, when we actually meet and talk with these people what we discover is that they are much more like us then we realized. They are just people who have an obsession to get good at something and they continued pursuing it. This realization helps spark in us that we too could get good at things if we work at it hard and long enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s at these gatherings where we have an opportunity to get to know these people beyond the Tricks we\u8217\'92ve seen them do. The conversations that take place late night at gatherings are some of the best. It will be 2 in the morning and people will have mostly tapered off from throwing Tricks and small groups will form, often of 3-10 people. This natural conversation and sharing of ideas is what builds those connections that Trickers feel with the community. It\u8217\'92s common for people to bounce from group to group to make new friends and see whats going on. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s during these late night discussions that some of the best and most long lasting friendships are developed. I still have friends that I made at my very first Tricking event well over a decade ago. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 By the end of the weekend, we are usually hoarse and sleep deprived, filled with a rich set of new experiences and friends. }}