{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 One of the great things about Tricking is you can really train anywhere. There are all kinds of sessions, grass sessions, dirt sessions, tramp sessions, parking lot sessions, but the most important session is usually the gym session. The gym session takes place in a gymnastics gym where there is access to a plyometric spring floor. The plyo is typically a carpeted floor made of a thick foam resting on top of a plywood layer that is attached to evenly spaced springs. This type of floor is extremely beneficial in reducing the intensity of the impact the joints will feel when training in acrobatic movements. Gaining access to these gym sessions will quickly aide progress as you will be more willing to try difficult and challenging Tricks if you have a much safer environment to fail at them in. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 No matter where the Tricker goes to have their session they will encounter a similar experience. Sessions usually start off with some form of light stretching and warm up movements to get the body parts moving freely. This is more important the older you are in Tricking, in our younger years we may be able to get away with doing some simpler Tricks as a warm up and just jump straight into our session. However as we get older it is much more important that we take the time to stretch and get our joints moving in order to avoid injuries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Once the body starts to feel like it can move around there are a few options. We can sum them up roughly with three modes. We have training, exploration, and Tricking. We will often go through all of these modes in the same session, although many times we will have one mode as an intended \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93focus\u8221\'94 for the session. Training is when we are directed at achieving a particular move, there is a plan and we just have to put in the work. Exploration is when we the goal isn\u8217\'92t a particular move but rather we are focused on how multiple Tricks and movements work and play together, trying to discover a deeper understanding. Tricking is the mode we get into when we bring it all together. The focus is no longer on particular Tricks, instead the focus is on playing with movements from our arsenal of Tricks. The moves we have trained up to and/or discovered in our exploration. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 If this is a training session the tricker will have some plan of action. A trick, combo, or set of tricks that they are working towards. They may approach these by warming up with the prerequisite Tricks until they are comfortable enough to start attempting things outside of their current skill level. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 From the individuals perspective there tends to be a deep embodied focus that comes about in the session. Once a few moves have been thrown and we are starting to work on something that lies outside of our capabilities we will have to go through the process we described earlier in the book. That cyclical process of Attempt, Assess, Adjustment. Attempting things outside of our current ability can often bring up those mental barriers we mentioned. Forcing us to overcome fears and testing our strength. Iterating through this until we approach the realization we were after. In this case realization literally the making real of something we had previously imagined, or planned. Each attempt on the way a failure. That failure itself the solution. A failure, when you can identify the specific point that caused the failure, is a way for our attention to be drawn to the issue. Something that makes itself apparent as needing an update. This is where we come to terms with the fact that our model is lacking and we have to make some adjustment to it before the next attempt. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 This back and forth that we are doing in our heads isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the only interaction we are having at the session though. The world around is is constantly influencing us. Often times we are session-ing with other Trickers. These people will often give us information that we ourselves are seeming to miss. We may be iterating over the same failure without making any adjustments because we don\u8217\'92t realize what the issue is. When those around us point our attention to specific aspects of the experience that we had neglected it often opens up doors that, if gone through, lead directly to the realization of this Trick. In this case realization both the \u8220\'93A-Ha\u8221\'94 moment of understanding as well as the literal making real through enacting that new found understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab We encounter problems like this constantly in our daily lives. Where we are simply too close to the experience to get an accurate picture of the situation. It takes others drawing our attention to the bigger picture, or some specific detail that will influence our understanding in a much more impactful way. Something that in effect re-frames the problem in a way that we are more capable of tackling. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 In the case of Tricks there are countless routes to achieve the same set of movements. Some people will easily be able to follow other people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tutorials and explanations to quickly achieve Tricks. While for others they will have to struggle to make each movement their own. Approaching it from unique ways that build upon their current level of understanding. Not the theoretical understanding that we have been developing throughout this book but the physical mind-body understanding that only comes from the direct experience in the individual. Some people are able to develop this mind-body connection very rapidly and extend it beyond their first hand experience. Their mental models are accurate enough to quickly make connections that for some need to be slowly built up to. This is that individual path to tricking showing itself again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Regardless of which category the Tricker finds themselves in, the benefits from interacting with the other Trickers and spectators at a session is extremely important. The more constantly we are getting outside of our intimate relationship to these tricks. The more we will be able to accurately assess our shortcomings and make the proper adjustments to attain our goals. As well as discover new goals and take inspiration from the ways that other Trickers are moving in their Tricks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 When we have reached a point in our training where we have a few movements we have the ability to get into the exploration mode. When I say few, I literally mean 2 or more. If we have two different Tricks that we know, meaning we can consistently perform them. Let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s say hook kick and a cartwheel. We have enough to start exploring these Tricks and their relationships. We can do a cartwheel>hook. We can hook>cartwheel. We can do the hook while we are doing the cartwheel. Playing with the way that these movements can be put together both through Transitions as well as manipulating the Tricks themselves is what allows us to discover \u8220\'93new\u8221\'94 Tricks. Things that exist in theory but haven\u8217\'92t been performed yet. Even if we only have a few of the most basic movements there are many Tricks that are available. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The more we explore these movements, the faster we will be able to navigate through the training mode in the future and get into the Tricking mode. This is where it all comes together. After training specific Tricks and exploring how they interplay we have a skill-set that we have developed. An arsenal of tricks that can be called upon on demand. We can use these Tricks, Transitions, Variations and the style in which we do them like the Letters, Words, and Punctuation that make up the sentences, paragraphs, and chapters of this book. Each display having within it a meaning that extends beyond just the shapes and squiggles that it consists of. Tricking combos are that same display. A language that if you can hear it says much more than the words in isolation allow for. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Tricking in the Tricking Mode is the same process as any artist engaging in their medium after they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve reached a certain point of study. The understanding of the medium allows for something to be created that only the practitioner could envision and bring forth. Each creation something that is taking from and giving back to the culture from which it was created.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 As we move through a session we will be constantly bouncing between these various modes of engaging with Tricking. Each of them necessary to the other. It isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just what we are engaging with movement wise that will affect our session. The session will change and morph throughout based on a variety of factors. The music, the tricks, the people, in general the tone. All of these factors will influence in different ways how the session will play out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Will you be able to focus on your goals during the session? Will the other Trickers help you realize those goals, or will they inspire you to play with completely different movements. Maybe we were planning on a more playful session, but everyone else is in training mode. Maybe its the other way round. Either way the dominant mode at a session can often be contagious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 We will often find ourselves feeding off the Tricks and energy of the other Trickers we are sessioning with. If other people are excited and bringing a lot of hype and energy to the session it will be easier for us to do the same. If, on the other hand, everyone at session is quietly working on something in their own worlds, we will typically find ourselves doing something similar. }}