{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 We cannot talk about gathering without acknowledging \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Cut\u8221\'94. Within many extreme sports and creative activities it is common to find people that use cannabis. While I could attempt to argue all of the benefits that cannabis potentially has I think we can skip that and just acknowledge that many people smoke weed today. Within many of these activities there are a large group of people who do not smoke weed. \u8220\'93The Cut\u8221\'94 is the smokers solution. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Rather than smoking in an area that makes it obvious to the non-smoking participants that a large group is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93getting high\u8221\'94, people will find a \u8220\'93cut\u8221\'94. This can be thought of as a hidden, out of the way place for a smoker to enjoy their smoke. Going to the \u8220\'93cut\u8221\'94 is usually a social ordeal. It is not uncommon to notice that half of the gathering has disappeared from the spring floor. Only for them to come back 15 minutes later when half of them will lay on the floor and slump and the other half will get up and proceed to provide the best tricks we\u8217\'92ve seen all day. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 While the cut was initially a way for the smokers to be respectful and keep the weed away from the people who wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t approve, what it became was an intimate social circle. People who didn\u8217\'92t smoke would go to the cut just to hang out and a be a part of the conversations. It became an excuse to go chill with some people away from the hype on the spring floor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  }}