{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Events started popping up in the mid 2010\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s as an attempt to take Tricking out of it\u8217\'92s underground hidings and into the limelight of spectator sports. Most of these attempts did not go over as expected. Tricking is something that is difficult to understand for the uninitiated and they usually don\u8217\'92t appreciate what is being done. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Tricker\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s for the longest time had been used to going to gatherings, where it was all about them having the best weekend possible. At these new  \u8220\'93events\u8221\'94, the goals were a bit different. The intention was to deliver an experience to the spectators. Many tricker\u8217\'92s that would go to these events would find themselves disappointed as they were expecting to go to a gathering. Not at all realizing these were different things. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 There is also a difficulty in getting the full blown professionalism needed at events like these. Trickers are typically kids in the age range of 15-24, most of them still learning how to mature and operate in life. Not to mention that they obviously don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like rigid rules of what to do and not to do. If they did they would be gymnasts instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  }}