{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Before diving deeper into what we get from combining the elements of Kicking, Flipping and Twisting let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s briefly discuss the anatomy of a Trick. The anatomy of a trick is a way of breaking down the trick into more manageable chunks that contain information about the trick. Each of these "sections" are just ways to describe the trick and happen much more fluidly then the following description may imply. This framework can allow for a deeper understanding of how Tricks are being created and variated. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 *** Insert Graphic Anatomy of A Trick ***}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  We have at the heart of it the base-trick, referred to here as the CoreTrick, this is a set of movements that meets the criteria to call it that name. The CoreTrick will also always have a Takeoff Stance and Takeoff Style as well as a Landing Stance and Landing Style. The Takeoff and Landing Stances denote the orientation to the Direction of Movement, while the Takeoff and Landing Styles refer to how many feet, in what order, and in which way. The CoreTrick itself can be broken down into five different sections that occur during the move. It has a Beginning Middle and End as you would expect, but it also has one more on either side of those, we will call them the Entrance and Exit to the CoreTrick. The Entrance is the very beginning of the Trick before any determining movement has been performed, this section will often be affected by the Takeoff Stance and Style. The Exit of the Trick is the very end of the Trick after all criteria for the CoreTrick has been met and the only thing left is completing the Landing Stance and Style for the next transition. Each of these various elements of the Trick can be variated by combining different movements into the various stages of the Trick. Once these pieces have been put all together we are given a new higher level Trick which can itself be put back into the process continuing to complexify it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 All of the higher level Tricks are really just basic moves that were put through this process of variating the CoreTrick over and over again until something new and interesting came out of it. This also means that if there is any higher level move that you want to perform you just have to work up the basic moves and do the small variations along the way to eventually get there. The whole Tricking system is nothing more than a bunch of layers of simple movements that have been pushed to their limits!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4}