{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab What we are about to attempt is going to be a bit like trying to learn calculus starting with an elementary school math level. Which means we are going to }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 need to build up layers of understanding}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 . What we should try to take away from this section is not }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 necessarily every}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  term }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 it}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 sel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 f}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  but rather the way that these terms are interacting with each other. It takes many people years to fully understand some of the concepts we will be covering. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab As we've mentioned before there are a multitude of paths through Tricking. We can effectively start from any movement and move our way throughout the system to build up a picture of what it has to offer. For the tricker discovering this organically they will always explore the areas that excite them the most. Once they have picked the Trick they want to learn they dive into that }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Internet}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  rabbit hole and quickly learn that in order to do the move they want, they should }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 probably}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  learn how to do a list of other tricks first. These pr}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 e}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 requisites aren't hard and fast rules, however it's a pretty good bet that if you cannot do the "pre-reqs" you will have an extremely difficult time trying to learn this harder Trick. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab So we start with this crazy ideal. Let's say it was wanting to learn how to do a boxcutter. We would first need to learn that a boxcutter is a corkscrew hyper hook. A corkscrew is a gainerfull done off axis. A gainer full is a gainer with a full twist. A gainer is a backflip off one leg. So in order to land a boxcutter. We would have to be able to hook kick, backflip, gainer, corkscrew, cork-hyper, and then put it all together in one movement. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab It's a bit like unpacking a russian nesting doll where you just keep finding a smaller one inside of a smaller one. This is the same process we were discussing in the section about learning a hook kick. One where we go through each of the elements that make this thing up and divide them into more manageable movement chunks. If we take a look a the way we just broke up the boxcutter into its pieces we can take each of those movements and break them down in the same way we did with hook kick. Breaking down each move further and further to understand them allows us to see what makes them up and how those elements are combined together. Hopefully by now you are starting to get a }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 loose }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 feel for the way in which Tricking builds upon itself. }}