{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The Tricking community is comprised of an extremely diverse range of individuals, with an extensive range of interests outside of doing cool ninja flips. There are tricker\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s of all genders, races, ages, and whatever other descriptors you want to use to lump people in a group. Tricking let\u8217\'92s everyone in. There are no gatekeepers, the only thing standing in someones way from starting to Trick is themselves. This is a sentiment the community holds very dear. It\u8217\'92s not about what group you came from it\u8217\'92s about the fact that now you\u8217\'92re doing Tricks and we think that\u8217\'92s cool. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Within every community that gets large enough you will have some people that have issues with some other people. But those differences are really only amplified when those groups are separated. More often than not when everyone comes together at a session, or a gathering, the only thing that matters are the Tricks. It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t matter what beef those people have outside of the Tricks, everyone can appreciate a quality dub dub when they see one. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Most of the issues that people have with one another tend to arise more at the local level due to people being people. This rarely, if ever, extends into the gathering community. When it comes to the online community however, there is a different type of ire that you may experience, but thats more a function of the internet than it is something that is a fault of Tricking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 A friend of mine, Steven French, summed it up well when he said \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Tricking community is a secret club where the invitation is interest\u8221\'94, And that\u8217\'92s the only invitation you need to quickly find yourself immersed in a whole new world. Everyone who finds Tricking has to overcome some boundaries within themselves to get into it. It\u8217\'92s this that is universally recognized by the other Trickers. We see a new Tricker and are excited because they have taken the leap to try something new and challenging, just like we once did. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Although everyones individual journey through Tricking, and the Tricks themselves, will be different. They will all have to walk the same path that we generalized in the Initial Encounters section earlier. When a new Tricker lands their first few Tricks the other Trickers there will often get extremely excited for that person. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the other Trickers remembering what it was like for them to first overcome those barriers and how exciting it felt. We want to encourage that in the new Trickers. This not only helps to build their confidence, but also makes them feel a part of something, because they are. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 If you hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t found a community that you truly fit in before, when you do find the one that feels like home it really is something special. It feels like the first time you\u8217\'92ve ever been able to fully be yourself. Surrounded by other people who share the same obsession as we do. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Our families may be supportive of the various hobbies and interest\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s we have but talking with them about these things just doesn\u8217\'92t come across the same as when we are talking to someone equally as obsessed as we are. When we have someone who is operating from the same obsession it\u8217\'92s almost as if we can communicate beyond the words, or by using slang terms that barely have any formal definitions. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The community will also understand our jargon we commonly use to talk about Tricking with. Where as with our family or friends that haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t taken up the same interest, we will be constantly explaining what we mean by words to the point of exhaustion, and even if they were willing to listen to us rant on about it. They won\u8217\'92t appreciate it the way our Tricking friends will. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 This isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t something that is only available within Tricking. There is a community of nerds out there for every type of interest, especially in the 21st century. It is your responsibility to find the others, and as you find them, to build a community that is worth being a part of. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4}