{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The sessions that take place at a gathering are like the most intense boundary pushing session we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve had at home turned up to 11. The energy that fills the room is almost palpable. People will be landing personal firsts throughout the night and some will be pushing the boundaries of what we thought was possible in Tricking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 It starts with the circle. This is where everyone collects around the floor waiting for their turn to go. The circle will constantly shrink over time as people take small steps inward preparing to go but then not committing. At this point someone will have to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93push the circle back\u8221\'94. This is a common balancing act at any sufficiently large gathering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The circle is an interestingly self regulating thing. As people make it known with their body language that they are ready to go, many others in the circle will make sure they stop someone from interfering with that persons combo. The unspoken conversation of who is going next is something you will learn to read over time. Once you can see it though, its quite obvious who is next in line at any given time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 As the Trickers take turns offering their passes up to the spectators other Trickers will build and draw off of the ideas they see others do. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s quite fun to watch the way that the Tricks naturally evolve over a session across multiple Trickers. It\u8217\'92s almost like they are all working on a group project and taking turns making contributions. As if to say, right but what about this, and then provide an example. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The excitement from the crowd of spectators will also drive the hype. When someone lands something and the whole room erupts, it gives that person, and everyone in the room a rush of energy. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s this building excitement that allows people to tap into their reserves and do some phenomenal things on the floor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The positive feedback and corrections from the other Trickers puts people on fast progression tracks at gatherings. It feels like going into a hyperbolic time chamber sometimes. As if you were able to pack weeks or months of training into just a few hours. This is the benefit of being surround with a diverse group of people that all have unique understandings of the same thing. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4}