{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 There will be some moves that will be arbitrarily difficult for us to do. Some element of it just doesn't click. Or worse, it does make sense but there is some breakdown between the theory and reality. We know exactly what to do but for some reason there is a blockade when we go to actually perform the action. We refer to these as mental barriers. This could be any move, and most all Trickers will encounter some form of this at some point in their Tricking career.  A mental barrier prevents us from trying something that we "want" to do. Learning flips, specifically the backflip is the first place many Trickers encounter this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab In the case of the backflip, sometimes we don't even make it through the first attempt before having to confront this barrier. Something stops us from being able to complete the action that we have planned in our heads. We may even try to start the motions only to find ourselves beings stopped, by some other part of ourselves. This strange internal conflict starts bubbling up within us. We have a mental model of a backflip that we would like to perform, which informs us of the steps we need to execute in order to make that happen, and we have instructed our body to carry these actions out, however for some reason just as we are about to execute one of the steps all of our muscles defy us and freeze, stopping us from doing it. This is our fear getting the better of us. Some part of us that we haven't acknowledged is anticipating some outcome that does not end favorably for us and our survival instincts are kicking in. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab The problem isn't that the fear exists, the problem is that we are letting the fear hijack our ability to act. We let ourselves get caught in the loop of thinking, and over-thinkning the situation. Our attention is turned fully towards the list of actions and how we will do them improperly and hurt ourselves. Caught in this loop we will not be able to act at all. We have to break our attention away from the mental world of possibilities and potentials, the world of what-if's and could-be's. And instead turn our attention to the real world, to our physical body and how we control it's actions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab We have to allow our attention to be so fully focused on the present moment. In a way that each moment as it passes is leaving no trace behind, and each future moment not even yet a conception, so that no fear can get in between our will and our actions. Even the plan, the list of steps we need to do to perform the trick, is forgotten. The only thing that matters is doing it. We only focus on the action as it is needed, and not before. Each one coming naturally as the movement unfolds. This is obviously easier described like this in hindsight, after having gone through this process many times. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab In reality it feels a bit more like screaming and hucking the movement as it rushes by in a flash of disorientation. The only thing we really remember from it is that it happened, and we made ourselves break through that barrier that had kept us from doing it before. There is no simple way to get through this barrier. We may take various approaches to work around this "action-stopping" fear. Attempting to get over the it by working on tricks that if we slowly make manipulations to them will turn into the desired trick.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab For instance starting with a Tornado kick and slowly turning that into a Raiz by inverting it little by little, or taking a swing hook and slowly inverting it into a slant gainer and eventually just a gainer. "Cheating" our way up to more difficult moves can sometimes work for us to overcome mental barriers. However there are some that can't be worked around and must simply be gone through. Things like the backflip. Just your basic standing backtuck. There is no special cheat-code for this one. You just have to make your body overcome the fears. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab I've found that it seems to come down to a trust you need to have in yourself. A willingness to accept no version of reality but the one containing success and to completely dispel with any other "what-ifs" and "could-bes". There is only one outcome and that is success. If you let doubt in you will hit that barrier. Once you've gathered the trust and are visualizing the outcome, you just act focusing only on acting and nothing else. If you let your focus shift, you will fail. If however you maintain that focus it will unfold and you will have broken the mental barrier. We can now get back to our cycle of improvement through Attempt, Assess, Adjust. Something we were not able to do when we couldn't even attempt the Trick. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab There really is no magic trick to getting through those difficult blockades that we will all encounter at some point or another. It comes down to developing an understanding, a trust, and an ability to act. These things only develop over time and practice within the individual continually dealing with these problems. It's the iterations of us working to overcome these mental barriers that build our resolve. It's difficult for us to fail before we've even begun the attempt, but a willingness to overcome that, even if it takes years, is something that no one will be able to take away from us. We will always know that if we keep at something for long enough we will overcome any barrier that stands in our way. Even if that barrier is our self. Which pro-tip. It usually is.  }}