{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Our local community can often act as an extension of our family. A group of people that we can lean on when we are in need. A group of friends that we can do fun things with outside of Tricking. Unless you were lucky and born in one of the few areas that have substantial Tricking community, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re local community will typically consist of the few people you started Tricking with. Some people may not even have a local community of Trickers at all as they are the only one at first.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 If you keep going to the same gyms over and over again eventually you will recruit some more Trickers. Some people just gravitate towards it as soon as they are exposed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 For those of us who do have a local community these are the people we regularly session with. We see them progress, and feed into and off of their energies at session. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s these people who we are training with and pushing that are helping to push us as well. A mutual encouragement that presents itself as competition. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The smaller communities tend to have an easier time staying tight-knit as once you reach a certain number it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just impractical to get everyone into the same location at once. With the larger communities what you tend to find is smaller sub-communities that exist within them.}}