{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;;;\cssrgb\c76297\c76297\c76297;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Aeriform: (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://AeriformMAT.com"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 AeriformMAT.com}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 ) Dan Perez TeJada\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s system of understanding, learning, and teaching. This is the basis for many concepts widely used within the Tricking community however it does vary from some of the more mainstream naming conventions. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Anatomy of a trick: a way to break a Trick down into its constituent parts and a framework for building new unique tricks. Contains Takeoff Stance, Takeoff Style, CoreTrick, Landing Style, Landing Stance and Variations. It breaks a trick down into 5 parts Entrance, Beginning, Middle, End, and Exit. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Ambi: Short for ambidextrous. This generally refers to the ability to perform a given trick on both sides, but can also mean the ability to do a trick on the opposite side, See Darkside. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Backswing: takeoff in which the performer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leg travels from back to front in a pendulum motion, similarly to kicking a ball with an exaggerated follow through. This is typically used to initiate back flipping motions such as gainers and corkscrews.  Often just labeled Swing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Backside (Stance):  a stance in which the performer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s DOM is going directly behind them with the target at 90 degrees from there DOM in their default direction of rotation. Hips will be perpendicular. Left Twisters put the target to the Left, Right Twisters put the target to the Right. See Visual Glossary for further clarification.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Backside Complete (Sub-Stance): a stance in which the performer is in Backside with their Complete leg touching the ground. Left for Left Twisters, Right for Right Twisters. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Backside Hyper (Sub-Stance):  a stance in which the performer is in Backside with their Hyper Leg touching the ground. Right for Left Twisters. Left for Right Twisters. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Beginning: the initiating phase of the coretrick, happens after the Entrance and is when the movements that begin to define the Trick are made. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Blocking: a term used to describe the transfer of linear momentum into a vertical lift. In many cases, the mission of the block is to translate all of the lateral momentum into lift, maintaining the energy but directing it upwards to use for height in inversion moves, or alternatively converting it into vertical rotation for vert kicking moves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Boxcutter: corkscrew hyperhook, a corkscrew that is over-rotated and lands in Hyper stance while executing an outside kick (hook) with the alternate leg.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Boneless: a description of the type of vanish applied when transitioning from a hyper landing into a cork without changing the line of momentum.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Bound:  any unified transition that contains an additional stance adjustment step before taking off again}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Butterfly Kick: a move with wushu origins, the bkick is similar to an aerial but performed on the horizontal axis with added flat spin. A bkick is dipped into with the chest and an arc is created with the jumping feet switching in air. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Butterfly Twist: similar to an aerial twist but with a different flipping axis and added flatspin. A variation of a butterfly kick performed with an additional 360 degree rotation performed during the middle of the trick}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Carrythrough: any swingthrough that has an additional stance change either from Complete - Mega, Mega - Complete, or Hyper - Semi, Semi - Hyper.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Chamber: the preparatory act within a kick done with the leg before executing the kick, this form of pseudo kick generally results in a knee bent shape pointing towards the intended target. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Cheat: Takeoff method where the Tricker performs vanish into a stance change. Typically from Frontside to Backside during the Takeoff of the Trick although it can be performed from Backside to Frontside. Rotation in Cheat Tricks will include the 180 degree rotation with the rotation measured from Backside. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Corkscrew:  an off axis gainer full. Performed from Backside - Complete using a BackSwing transition, the performer swings their leg across their body while swinging their arms up to generate a flip and spin. The cork often incorporates some Flatspin in order to avoid a true head over heels inversion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Combo: linked series of Tricks, completed in succession, these utilize the landing stances, as well as transitions between the Tricks. See Anatomy of a Combo in the Visual Glossary for further clarification.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 CoreTrick: a set of movements that meets the criteria to have its own name. Can be the most basic version of a Trick or a more complicated variation of one. Think of this as the move we are trying to isolate when looking at the anatomy of a trick.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Complete (Stance): this is the standard landing position for Backswings, and ultimately contains two sub-stances within it. Backside - Complete. Which is your standard complete that is meant when Complete is said. There is also Outside - Complete. Which is where Lotus is swung from. Complete is often implied by simply stating the number of full twists performed. i.e. single, double, triple etc. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Cutter:  a nod to the boxcutter, this suffix is generally used on inverted axis tricks in places of the specification Hyper-Hook and can be considered slang.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Crescent Kick - a kick performed in a large wheel motion across the target in its direction of travel. See Inside Crescent Kick, and Outside Crescent Kick.}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Crowd Awakener (CA): sidesplit, or straddled variation in which two inverted round kicks are performed. In practice however most circumstances where a wide straddle is achieved will still bare the name, regardless of actual kicks performed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Dark-side:  the opposite side, or doing a trick with the opposite direction of spin from default. It is somewhat uncommon for trickers to utilize both sides, or directions of spin and when they do it is often designated by this tag Dark-side. i.e. Dark-side Gainer, Dark-side Cork. Etc. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Double Leg: both a unique Trick as well as a variation. The Trick is modeled after the armada dupla from Capoeira. Taking off from two feet jumping into a pike position while rotating  Often described as a gymnastics \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93pike\u8221\'94 position on the last half of a twisting move.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Double (kicking): This variation is most often associated with any kick followed by 360 degrees of rotation (Hyper + Half Gyro) and another of the same kick. Another more rare variation has two fo the same kick on a target with no rotation performed between them. Technically anytime two kicks are delivered in aire it can be called a double, but there is usually a more appropriate suffic to use. In mainstream terminology, the name of the trick begins with the highest rotation and ends with the double suffix. For example: Pop-720-Double. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Double(twisting): any inverted trick with two rotations around the vertical axis (relative to the tricker\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s local space) typically ending in the complete landing stance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Double (flipping): a flip in which there are two inversions performed where the head feet rotate around the center of the person flipping. Example: double-backflip, double-frontflip, double-sideflip}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Dub: a slang term for inverted double twists of any kind when said stand alone it infers a double full, although it will often be used along with other notifiers such as DubCork, DubBack, DubB (double ButterflyTwist)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Eagle: slang term for the starting position for a backswing. Charachterized by the swing leg and arms positioned behind the body preparing for the execution of a backswing trick. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 End(anatomy of a trick): After the majority of criteria of the Trick has been met but there is still some inversion, or rotation needed to complete the movement in air.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Entrance(anatomy of a trick): the entrance is the start of the Trick before any determining movement has been performed, this is where you will find the Takeoff Stance and Takeoff Style. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Envergado: a fully inverted parafuso. Another way to look at this trick is as an inverted raiz into a double leg. The \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93enver\u8221\'94 prefix can be used to note an envergado fulled by a variation suffix, such as enver-snapu, an envergado followed by a fulltwist in the exit of the trick. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Exit(anatomy of a trick): after all criteria for the Trick has been met and the only thing left is completing the Landing Stance and Style for the next Transition }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Fei Long: an in-air kicking combination in which an outside kick is followed by 180 degrees of rotation and an inside kick to the same target. Typically performed with crescent kicks as they allow the hips to stay open and more easily execute both kicks. This is both a specific vert kick as well as a variation type used by both the vertical and inverted axis.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Fei Long Cross: a variation of the Fei Long in which a hook and round are used. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Feint: faked kick, essentially the kick stops being performed in chamber and is never extended.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Flamingo: similar to the Eagle but in reverse. The flamingo is the starting position for a frontswing and is charachterized by the swinging leg extended in front of the body and the arms raised up, preparing for the execution of a frontswing Trick}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Gainer: a backflip performed from one leg, typically swung into. This term is often used to refer casually to both the gainer-flash kick, as well as the gainer switch, using context from the combo to infer which is meant. The gainer prefix can also be used to note a swing takeoff into an inverted trick. i.e. gainer-arabian, gainer-full etc\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 unlike many other acrobatics, the tricking gainer does not require forward motion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Grab: similar to many board/wheel sports, it is simply the act of grabbing a part of the body, typically the leg or foot/feet with the hand. This type of variation is still relatively unexplored. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 GrandMaster (GM): trick performed from a master swing where the hands do not touch the ground. For example, a masterswipe without landing on the hands becomes a grandmasterswipe. Often used as its abbreivation for prefixing. i.e. GMS for grandmaster swipe, GMT for grandmaster twist, GMSnapu for grandmaster snapu}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Gyro: denotes an additional spin performed in the exit of a Trick, most often after a kick or kicking variation. Gyro typically refefers to the vertical axis, and implies that the extra rotation occurs with the performer upright. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Hawkeye: a variation of a round kick, can be thought of as a round kick where the execution of the kick on target is replaced with that of a hook kick. A round kick start, hook kick middle, round kick finish. A hawkeye can be performed as a variation anywhere you would typically execute a round kick.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Hook Kick: traditional martial arts hook kick. There are many ways to perform this kick when it comes to specific form. Typically it is a kick which executed at or above waist height where the heel of the foot leads across the Target in its Direction of Movement. The kick is Chambered, extended outwards across the Target, which has been spotted and then re-chambered during which the planted foot may pivot to maintain balance. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Hyper (deprecated): In the past (before the landing stances had been established) Hyper was used to note the over-rotation of a trick, and landing on the opposite foot. While this understanding is still used it is widely understood that a more specific meaning is meant. Typically referring to a landing stance, or a kicking variation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Hyper (stance): a landing position on the invert axis where the performer rotates past the complete position, and lands on their inside kicking leg, with the performers momentum is pulling backwards or toward their inside flipping shoulder, this position typically allows the performer to wrapthrough, or swingthrough into masterswings. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Hyper (vert kicking): in the context of vert kicking, hyper simply means to landing on the kicking leg. In the TKT system, this term is specifically a 180 degree rotation after a kick, landing on both feet simultaneously. Largely replaced with the term Turbo to refer to the two-footed laning. This term can also be, and often is, used as a blanket term that covers Hyper(vert kicking), Hyper-Style, True-Hyper.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Hyper-Hook(trick): refers specifically to a B-Twist Hyper Hook. Where the butterfly twist is over rotated to the hyper landing stance and an outside kick (hook) is performed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Hyper-Hook (variation): a variation used on the invert axis, this suffix signifies that the trick was landed in the hyper stance while performing an outside kick (hook) during the exit of the kick. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Hyper-Style (vert kicking): a landing variation in which 180 degrees of rotation is performed after a vertical, but the original landing leg (non-kicking) is still used. This term is primarily used within TKT, and rarely used in mainstream terminology.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Inside Crescent Kick: Similar to the round kick, but generally done with a straight leg. The key difference is that the foot stays in a vertical position throughtout this kick, and strikes with the inside edge of the foot. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Inside Flip: the inside flip is a sideflip toward the direction of the performers twists and is performed from any of the inside stances such as Hyper, Mega or Inside. The inside flip is considered the base flip for the Tak axis, as well as masterswing tricks. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Inside Kick: generic term referring to either a round, or an inside crescent kick. Performed by whichever leg will execute a strike while traveling to the inside of the person performing it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Inside (Stance) stance between frontside and backside where the performers hips are squarely facing the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Target\u8221\'94. Also often referred to as \u8220\'93neutral stance\u8221\'94. Many people begin their backside tricks from this position. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Invert: The act of flipping within a trick. In order to be a true inverted trick, the hips must reach a point higher than the performers head during the trick. However, in general tricks reaching approximately horizontal orientation (180 degrees), or where the hips are level with the performers head are considered to be Inverted tricks. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 JackKnife: an in air kicking combination in which an inside kick is followed by 180 degrees of rotation and an outside kick to the same target. This is typically performed with a round kick followed by a hook kick on the same target. The use of round kick encourages the hips to turn over allowing the hook to come out more naturally as opposed to the body positioning when using inside and outside crescents. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 J Step: a common setup used for swing tricks. The performer steps forward with a variable amount of steps, typically two, but could be many.  The final step is always performed with the outside leg, often referred to as the plant leg, the foot is turned 90 degrees outward and the trailing leg is swung through. The turn creates a J pattern on the ground and allows for blocking to generate lift in the swing trick being executed. This patter also allows the hips to be square increasing the ease of movement and power able to be generated from the swing. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Knife (variation): this suffix is added to both invert tricks as well as vert kicks. In vert kicking it implies either a hypered inside kick or swipe was performed at some point during the trick followed by a hook kick while landing. In invert trick it implies that a trick will be landing in hyper landing stance while performing an outside kick (hook) }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Kyro (variation): any hyper-hook variated trick followed by an additional twist or gyro. For example a cork kyro is a boxcutter followed by an additional 360 degree rotation after the hyper hook has been performed. This typically means a majority of this last rotation is performed during the exit of the trick in a semi upright position. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 K-Step: a term generally used to describe a variation of the cheat takeoff where a double pivot is used. The K-step chooses to move forward into the trick generating a lot of blocking for lift. This form of cheat takeoff is very popular among the Korean Trickers and as such was named the K-Step, short for Korean Step.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Landing Stance: The position in which a trick terminates. For both vertical kicks and invert tricks there are a multitude of possible positions, each carrying their own transitional possibilities. There are BIFO:  Backside, Inside, Frontside, Outside and CHMS: Complete, Hyper, Mega, and Semi. These BIFO and CHMS landing stances overlap with each other and create all of the possible landing stances. Backside Inside Outside and Frontside refer mainly to how square your hips are to the target and which direction. Complete Hyper Mega and Semi give context to which direction is being traveled and specifies how the feet are landing. Complete(backwards) and Mega(forwards) referring to the outside leg touching the ground. Hyper (backwards) and Semi (forwards) referring to the inside leg touching the ground. See graphics for further disambiguation }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Late-: sometimes followed by a number such as late-9 or late 10 implying a kick type( round or hook) referring to the bs900 (round) or bs1080 (hook) in mainstream terminology. Although many people have begun using late-round and late-hook to make the differentiation. A late kick is characterized by the trick being primarily completed but an over-rotation performed while executing a kick. This is different from the hyper-hook variation in that the kick is executed after the foot has landed as opposed to beginning in the air. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Mainstream (Terminology): the most common language and set of terms used by trickers. Many of the names date back to the originis of tricking and sport karate circuits of the 1990s. Mainstream terminology is more or less an oral tradition. Many definitions and concepts can be deduced from common usage within the community at large and older Tricking websites but there is no central location or formal standardization. It is a loose system with varying perspectives and opinions that change from community to community as well as individual to individual. However when viewed as a whole mainstream terminology can thought of as the common dialect that almost all trickers can communicate with. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 MasterSwing: a swing takeoff where the performers outside leg swings inwards and initiates an inside flips. Tricks involving a masterswing tend to be have the prefix master or grandmaster (GM) for short. The difference between the master and the grandmaster is whether or not the performers hands touch during the trick. In a master trick the performer will touch with both hands in the middle of the trick while the grandmaster tricks will be performed completely in the air. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Mega (stance): landing position on the invert axis where the performer rotates past the hyper position and lands on the outside kicking leg, with their momentum pulling them forward or toward their inside flipping shoulder. This stance is 180 degrees past the complete landing stance and can often be looked at as a half rotation added to the core-trick. Mega landings allow the performer to perform front swings such as aerial and btwist axis tricks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Mega-Round: Similar to a hyper-hook. A mega-round is a suffix used to describe landing in the mega landing stance while performing a round kick. Commonly referred to as late-round See Late-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Missleg: singular transition in which the in-air leg rebounds into the next trick. It could be said that the leg literally misses the ground and changes its path to create a new takeoff.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Middle (anatomy of a trick): the main part of the Trick where most of the movement is performed, this is where the most common variations will typically take place, although any part of the anatomy of the trick may contain a variation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Momentum Line: the imaginary line created  by a tricker as they travel throughout a combo. The momentum line is generally perpendicular to the target both in theory as well as practice. See DOM}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Murder (grab): a variation of a swing through transition in which the swinging leg was grabbed in the previous trick, and held throughout the transition. For example when doing a cork-rodeo, landing while maintaining the rodeo-grab and swinging the grabbed foot into another cork, the second cork would receive the name Murder-Cork.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Muggle: a somewhat controversial term within the community. Many tend to think that it implies a derogatory meaning towards those people who do not Trick. While it has been used by some in that way the original meaning was an homage to the world of Harry Potter in which the muggles were those individuals who did not know about the Magic world that they existed along side. Early usage of the term often referred to those people who had not been opened up to the magic of Tricking and expanded to imply someone who had not been opened up to the magic of LIFE. The magic in this case being amazing potentials and exciting possibilities that are beyond the view of the everyday person stuck in the rat race. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 NASKA: The North American Sports Karate Association. Naska is one of the oldest, and most prestigious sport karate leagues. It served as the birth place for many of the tricks commonly found within Tricking today, as well as bringing together many of the early practitioners that led its growth over the years.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Neutral (stance): typically used when discussing vert kicking setups. Neutral refers to either Inside when talking about Backside Kicks or Outside when talking about Frontside Tricks. Neutral is a contextual term that switches its meaning and can be confusing to some. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 OC: an original combo. A slang term used to note a combo that has a particular high degree of originality, creativity, and/or technicality. OC began to be thrown around in response to the CookieCutter Combos that were often performed by many trickers. People became tired of seeing Ch9->Hook->TDR->Cork-> (swing chain) and would encourage people to do more OC\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s meaning, do something we haven\u8217\'92t already seen a million times.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Outside Crescent Kick: similar to a hook kick, but generally done with a straight leg. The main difference is that the foot stays in a vertical position, with the toes facing up, throughout this kick. It strikes across the target with the outside edge of the foot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Outside Flip: the outside flip is a sideflip in the opposite direction of the performers twists and is performed from any of the outside stances such as Complete, Semi, or Outside. The outside flip is considered the base flip for the raiz and lotus axis tricks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Outside Kick: generic term referring to either a hook, or outside crescent kick. Performed by whichever leg will execute a strike while traveling to the outside of the person performing it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Outside Stance: stance between backside and frontside where the performers hips face away from the target. It is very common to see trickers adopt this as the starting point for frontside tricks and is commonly referred to as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93neutral\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Transition - movement performed in between Tricks that allows them to be linked, can be used to reposition for the next intended Trick, or generate power.}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 True-Hyper (vert kicking): a landing in which 180 degrees of rotation is performed after a vertical kick that lands on the kicking leg. This term is used almost exclusively within the TKT community, and is implied by the generic term Hyper among most mainstream terminology users.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Turbo (vert kicking): a two footed landing variation. This term has taken over the mainstream terminology to replace Hyper (TKT) when refering to kicks that have a variated landing. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Trick - a set of movements performed that can be referred to by a single name that differentiates itself from other movements.}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4}