{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;;;\cssrgb\c76297\c76297\c76297;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Up to this point we have been looking at things from a very broad and over arching view. In order for us to move forward though, we will have to start exploring some of the more specific elements at play here. Learning some of the Tricking terminology will be necessary for us to make sense of some of the later contents. Each additional piece of detail will enhance the overall maps we have of these things. All of which will allow us a more complete understanding that is less and less an approximation. Every detail refining further; combining with all of the associated attributes and giving clearer boundaries. These amorphous movements start to take form.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 This is much the way we will encounter these things if we were coming to them as a new tricker. We pick a Trick and drill into it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fundamentals. Learning along the way any associated terminology that may be relevant for us to understand what movements we are actually supposed to be performing. Before we know it, we have developed this very rich vocabulary we can use to discuss and describe many of the pieces of the Trick we are working on acquiring. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Not everyone will choose to focus on the "proper names" of things. Many are able to simply mirror the motions they see others performing and tailor those movements to their own bodies. As we will continue to drill home throughout this book, the names of things are just pointers to the process that is unfolding in the trick at particular times. Regardless of what individuals call these things there is some consistency in the way in which these things are explored first hand. In the case of this book we will be using as consistent of a Terminology set as we can to make things easier on the reader. }}