{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Mono;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red182\green182\blue182;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 TRANSITIONS: SINGLE SEQUENTIAL UNIFIED}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Oh boy are there options, but don't be overwhelmed, There is a simple way to categorize these to make keeping track of them a bit easier. As we mentioned before "Transitions" are a particular type of movement that can bridge between the End state of one Trick and the Beginning State of another Trick. More specifically it is the movement used to reposition for the next intended trick. This can allow for the movement from one landing stance into another stance for takeoff. This opens up the possibility of movements available to link together. By understanding these transitions we can figure out how to get from essentially any trick to any other Trick, at least in theory, application is always a different story. These types of transitional movements can be described based on the sequence of their takeoff style. The options we have are Singular, Sequential, or Unified.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Each transition category also has a simple and a compound version. The simple version typically refers to a sequence of takeoff and landing sequence that Land>Takeoff while the compound version introduces an adjustment step into the mix. The compound transitions sequence is Land>Adjustment Step>Takeoff. The adjustment step here is a way to move from the current Landing Stance into another Stance for takeoff. This could be to position the Tricker in a new stance for a particular trick or to redirect their momentum for the next trick. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Unified indicates a landing or takeoff style where both feet are landing or taking off simultaneously. When referring to unified transitions however we are just specifying the takeoff style being performed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Singular can be used to describe a landing or takeoff style where only one foot is touching the ground, when used to describe a transition it refers only to the takeoff style.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Sequential refers to a landing or takeoff style where the feet land one at a time. When used to describe transitions it typically means that both the landing and takeoff styles both occur sequentially, either left>right or right>left. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 *** Insert Singular, Sequential, Unified Graphic*** }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Starting with the Unified Transitions. These were the first types of transitions people were utilizing. The simple unified transitions includes Punch and Pop, and the only compound unified transition is Bound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Punch is a transition where a unified landing immediately rebounds into a unified takeoff. This typically looks like a powerful stomp into the ground using the floors rebound to generate power and height into the next Trick. In punch the stance does not change and as it lands in two feet can simply be described by the BIFO stances. The most common to come across is a Punch from Backside. Such as a Round-off> Punch> BackTuck, or a Backfull>Punch>BackFull. This can be a powerful transition to generate momentum when used properly although it doesn't have much variation to it, it can be used to consistently maintain the same direction of momentum throughout a combo. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab The Pop transition contains a sequential landing followed by a unified takeoff. Or to put it another way, it lands one foot then the second and takes off with both feet simultaneously. You will typically see this as a step or a hop into a jump using both feet. This can be used anytime we are landing on one foot but would like the next Trick to takeoff from two feet. This transition does not offer a stance change however it does offer the ability to switch your takeoff style. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Bound is a way to describe unified transitions that have an additional adjustment step introduced in order to change which stance the performer is in. This could be a punch transition where we go from a Unified Landing> Adjustment Step> Unified Takeoff or it could be a Pop transition with an adjustment step so that we have Sequential Landing> Adjustment Step> Unified Takeoff. This gives the ability to go from any stance into any Unified Stance we'd like to use for our next Takeoff Style. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Looking next at the Singular Transitions. We have a few more here. Including Swing, Missleg, Rapid, and Reverse Pop for the simple singular transitions. For the Compound Singular Transitions we have Carry Through, and Wrap Through.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Swing, when used to reference a transition, is when the in-air leg travels in a parabolic arc underneath the performer uninterrupted and is used to generate power and lift for the next trick. This type of transition maintains the same landing and takeoff stances and is primarily used to generate large amounts of power or create smooth combos. Swing chains are extremely popular, where a performer will use the swing transition over and over again with different types of swing tricks in between. Such as Cork>swing>Cork>swing>DoubleCork. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Missleg, is a singular transition in which the in air leg rebounds into the next trick. It could be said that the leg literally misses the ground and changes it's bath to create a new takeoff. Often this transition is used where a sequential takeoff is typically utilized, where the leading leg intentionally misses the ground and moves into the last half of a swinging motion. These can be used to transition from any singular landing trick into a sequential takeoff trick without having to actually place your in-air foot on the ground. This is often used to access certain tricks that would otherwise need you to be in a different stance in order to perform them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Rapid, a singular transition that is extremely similar to the missleg. Rapid can be thought of as a one-legged punch. The key difference from the missleg is that there is no arcing motion performed by the in-air leg. As this acts as a punch it maintains the same takeoff and landing stance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Reverse-Pop, is a singular transition that will take the performer from a unified landing to a singular takeoff such as a swing or a wrap. It lands with two feet and takes off one at a time but rather than being a sequential transition it typically is used to get into a swinging or wrapping motion and is classified accordingly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Wrap, sometimes called wrap-through, is a type of compound singular transition where the performer moves from a frontside stance into a backside stance or the other way round for takeoff. For example, this could be from Hyper>Semi or Complete>Mega for Backside>Frontside or Semi>Hyper or Mega>Complete, in the case of Frontside>Backside. This can be used to change your orientation to your DOM in between Tricks while maintaining a linear momentum line. The Wrap often technically takes off in the initial stance, Hyper(Backside) and only finds itself switched to Semi(Frontside) somewhere in the Beginning of the Trick when the performer is already in the air.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Carry, often called carry-through, is another compound singular transition. Essentially a swing through transition that has an additional stance adjustment on the ground. In the same fashion as wrap, however the carry-through always finishes the stance change before the performer has entirely left the ground. This transition is often used to "carry" the momentum they have from one trick into the swing of a different stance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Now onto the final category, Sequential Transitions. All of these are sequential landings to sequential takeoffs. These transitions have essentially two patterns, four when including the compound transitions. The simple transitions Vanish and Reversal are quite simple to grasp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Vanish, is a sequential transition that could be described akin to walking. It follows the pattern 1-2>1-2. Put another way, it lands Left>Right and Takes off Left>Right. It could also land Right>Left and then takeoff Right>Left, as long as it maintains this First in, First out order. The vanish transition is commonly used in many combos, particularly to transition into and out of Vert Kicks from otherwise generally inverted tricks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Reversal, is very similar to the vanish however it changes the order to be that of First In, Last Out. Where it is taking of in the reverse order of its landing sequence. Following the pattern 1-2>2-1, it lands Left>Right and takes off Right>Left or it could land Right>Left and then take off Left>Right. These can be used as a way to transition between two sequential takeoff tricks that have a different take-off order from the way that was landed. Such as a landing of Left>Right but wanting to take off into an Aerial style trick which takes off Right>Left.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab The compound sequential transitions add an adjustment step in between the landing and takeoff. This allows for the movement from frontside stances to the backside stances or vice versa. Other places have named the next two transitions differently which I believe adds to unnecessary confusion. We will be calling these Skip Vanish, and Skip Reversal. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Skip Vanish, often just referred to as skip, is exactly as it sounds. A vanish transition that has an adjustment step. This means it would land 1-2> Adjustment Step> 1-2. Allowing the practitioner to vanish in one stance and out another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab Skip Reversal, is often referred to as Redirect, and is just a reversal with an adjustment step in between the landing and takeoff. This would be landing 1-2>Adjustment Step>2-1, meaning that it would land left>right perform an adjustment step and then takeoff in right>left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab  That covers them all. Well... essentially. These too can be variated upon in certain ways but we won't explore that at length here. What we just covered is sufficient for us to move from any Trick to any other Trick with what we now know. A quick recap. We covered the Unified Transitions, which include Pop, Punch, and Bound. Then the Singular Transitions, which include Swing, Missleg, Rapid, Wrap, and Carry-thru. Finishing up we went over the Sequential Transitions covering the Vanish and Reversal as well as their Skip Vanish, and Skip Reversal counterparts. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 \tab With this we now have a proper baseline for the framework of Tricks to fit into. Had we just wanted to learn the moves there are simpler ways, certainly. But what we are working towards here is a deeper understanding of the system as a whole, that is formed by all of these pieces working together, out of which the individual Tricks were themselves discovered. It was only after so many of these tricks had been discovered by individuals learning these movements one by one, unpacking those russian nesting dolls that we mentioned before that led us to where we are now.}}